"GG Islanders, Miller was just too strong tonight "
roughly 18 lat 40 lon
"Italy. I've always dreamed of going there. It looks so beautiful. "
Congratulations on your progress. Any benefits?
"It's good to hear that things are getting better for you! Baby steps :] "
plz help
"I don't care if you were misplaying healer by overhealing. They can complain about it, but this is clearly trolling by them. Honestly this is kinda indisputable evidence too.

If they chose to just confront you and say ""Hey bro, can you try doing this? Would make it better"" I wouldn't care, but here they're intentionally causing wipes. Just no"
"And thats just the edge humanity will need to defeat the evil aliens that will one day rule over us. "
Yay!...added
"&gt; The only difference is that with a softfork some functionality still remains, namely ordinary users still being able to open their wallet and send transactions.

This is wrong. The only difference is that with a soft fork, nodes are allowed to continue operating without validating blocks that support the new feature. Wallets rely on nodes to provide their data, and could potentially be provided incorrect data by a node that is not properly validating. A hard fork prevents this from happening by formatting data in a manner that is invalid to old nodes, forcing them to upgrade. In this situation wallets are unaffected, and node-integrated wallets are not at risk of loss of coins because the wallet data is still valid."
If you play a lot of Chess you quickly realize there are standardized moves shogi doesn't.  Even Grandmasters complain about how the game is very predictable.
"agreed. hence why they redid it. my point is that if it was unintentional it fits random just fine. "
"&gt;with zero understanding of what that actually means

Its not that they don't understand it, its that they understand it and don't like it.

The whole criticism is that socialism means government control of every aspect of life. Education, healthcare, welfare,etc.

Government isn't very efficient in programs. Look at the difference between a public school and a private school. Or Veteran healthcare vs private healthcare

Right wingers prefer a free market economy where companies compete to give the best healthcare service, which lowers prices and gradually improves services."
How is that any different that the much larger /r/fuckyeahdrunksluts ?
Please add me: FMisplon
[deleted]
"I'd play the hell out of curiosity, would you rather the not removes some words or enforces a character I won't main.

 ~ Kyurem99XD

-----

[^^Info](https://github.com/trambelus/UserSim) ^^| [^^Subreddit](/r/User_Simulator)"
"Everony on /r/drunk makes circlejerk posts like that.  If you gonna call out anyone, call out the true circlejerks at ledootgen or cirlcejerk
"
"It isn't so bad if you use the [video lectures by David Harvey](https://www.youtube.com/user/readingcapital) as a guide. There are lectures for the entirety of Vol. 1 &amp; 2, and supposedly some of the Vol. 2 lectures also touch on Vol. 3."
"Exactly

"
"Personality rights don't always apply to artists in the same way as they do for other citizens.   

I only have experience with german law (but I imagine it's not that different elsewhere in the western world), so one example from here:   

When you take a picture of someone you have to ask for permission both to take it and especially to publish it. However, when I am on stage performing with a band, anyone can take pictures and publish them because at that moment I am a 'public person'. "
"I'm pretty sure she was a he when she had sex to conceive said children. "
Kanye and Leo should make a movie together but Kanye should just be Kanye
"We are speaking in hypotheticals, but I do suspect the double standard does exist. I don't agree with it, and I disagree with the statement that Jews and Christians worship the same God."
"I don't doubt there are good real estate agents out there but what about all of the other agents? Yours seems to actually altruistic relationship but I have met countless agents who literally do not give a damn. This is purely an opinion of mine, but I think a lot of these realtors know that a deal is a one time event and not a repeat service. How many homes do people buy in their lifetimes? One, maybe two at the max? I dealt with four agents when I purchased my property three years ago and it went like this:

1) Agent one didn't care about my price range. He was a friend of my uncle's who somehow cold called me. Mind you, I never met this guy before in my life. All this guy did was send me properties that were 10+% out of my price range. This guy also had no idea about the area of town I was shopping in.

2) Agent two wouldn't even give me the time of day. Anytime I would email this guy or send him a text, it took minimum, a half day to respond if I was lucky. Usually it took over a day to hear back.

3) Agent three had some of the worst valuation skills I have ever seen in my life. I felt like I was at an asset valuation 101 class teaching a discount cash flow analysis problem to a room of chimps. Later admitted my area of town was not his part of town, and the communication stopped there. 

4) Agent four (who I eventually settled on) was chosen because I was getting frustrated at the first three agents. This guy was personable but had no idea about the area of town I was looking in. To give you an idea, this guy's office was about 50 miles out of the city limits, and I was looking for a unit in the heart of downtown. The only thing I appreciated about this guy was he hustled and responded to my emails quickly, but the thing I didn't like was that he liked every unit I picked out. You could tell he just wanted to make the deal happen, and knew nothing about the area. 

After agent three, I took the liberty of evaluating comps myself and decided to use this guy as a mule to just pull the comps for me. He was a nice guy, but knew nothing about advanced valuation other than maybe some basic addition and subtraction, and using a comp. He kept on lecturing about how rent could be collected and used to pay off the loan quickly but when I asked him about opportunity cost vs current interest rates and how this was a bad decision, he had the ""deer in the headlights"" look on his face. I asked him about cap rates, and again, nothing. "
Ketchup
"I went to high school with a girl sort of like that. She was a real free spirit. In Jr. High she looked like a total Molly Mormon but in high school her hair was cut short like a boy, died different colors at various times, and she dressed in really baggy skater clothes and quoted the Beastie Boys a lot. She was very loud and she scared me a little, and I figured she was totally ""off the deep end"" (I really hate that phrase now, at least in TBM speak).

I was really surprised when she went to BYU her freshman year. Then the next year she transferred elsewhere and eventually married a nonmormon we went to high school with.

I talked to her younger brother once, who said she just didn't really like BYU, and I think I sort of understood that, but also I think I judged her, and anyone else who ""couldn't handle it"" as not being ""strong"" enough.

I regret those judgements now, since it's clearly BYU/TSCC that truly sucks, and anyone who ""couldn't handle it"" was actually doing a very brave thing to transfer in spite of all the judgement and disapproval they'd receive.

/u/madsenmel, I salute you! I wish I would have been half as brave and awesome as you! I wish I wouldn't have been the kind of person who was comfortable there (except socially, I never felt like I was friends with the people I wanted to be friends with, and I certainly never meshed with the girls there). I wish I would have seen it all for what it was way back when."
"Thing is they aren't even normal size pages.  Normal for US is 8.5-11 inches. This thing is 5-8 inches. 

It's expensive for the cool factor given that I can get a 120page notebook of average size for 2usd and a little more for one with a better cover

"
"I've finished, I posted that a few days ago, and my dick was a bit raw, yes, but all better now!
It is the longest I've continuously jerked off, yes. 
I like reddit for the amateurs and variety, and there are lots of links to other porn sites (pornhub, xvideos, etc) that I follow too. I enjoy messaging the posters with questions and such also."
"Great job!

Why did I write that?  I was responding to a different post, weird.

What I meant to say was THANKS

Vanilla Custard 3mg"
"I felt similarly. The story was interesting, but it didn't blow my mind. The acting was fine, but also, didn't blow my mind. It's basically Leo wincing for a couple hours. Why is that Oscar-worthy?

I heard after the fact that apparently the process of filming it was difficult/interesting, but I feel like a movie should be judged based on what comes out on the screen, not how it was created."
Most of the ocean floor
"I dunno man, I don't really subscribe to the whole 'jamflex suxxx' circlejerk. Whatever does it for you though."
"SB packs take 14 days, aswell as mrsaturns. SB's gear is stronger than mrsaturns too!"
(I'm trying Mal . . .)
"surely he could have given himself enough momentum to launch out of there? Then again, its not a half pipe. If it was it would be cool to see though."
Aww alright thanks for replying
"fax me a copy of that ,bro"
[removed]
I've heard of people here in the past (maybe do a search) that had this problem and I think they had to delete their whole ini files.
[deleted]
"*takes it and nods. Takes a large swig, slightly grimacing. Knowing full well that he can't take his alcohol*"
Perfect thanks!!! Confirmed.
Thank you.
did they get rid of their ugly player yet?
"Don't get me wrong, it does add a level of complexity to the average joe, and that's why I believe that option 2 should be the default for any plan that is not unlimited (raises shield and awaiting down-votes)


It's basically the same as it is now, but levels the playing field for small and large businesses so they can stay competitive with their offerings. (Which we know the customer wins when there is competition. Look at T-Mobile themselves as a great example!)

An earlier post I made gives an example scenario:

https://www.reddit.com/r/tmobile/comments/3zlk6z/okay_reddit_you_voiced_your_opinions_here_now_do/cynbmy9"
"Rumors can be wrong. We can hope, and voice our opinions. Apple seemed pretty happy about USB Type C on the MacBook and they helped decide on the standard. Even they should know if they want it to take off then devices need to start using it. To my knowledge they don't even sell a lighting to USB Type C cable so that one can connect their iPhone directly to their MacBook. "
"If you think McDonalds franchise owners are rich, then you're delusional."
AKA Reddit
"So... you're an unicorn?

Are you Pinkie Pie? Because that would make kind of sense, if everything you're saying is Pinkie Pie sense. Except Pinkie Pie isn't an unicorn... that we know of, anyway.

...I still don't quite see it... maybe you're a dracoequus, I hear that they can be pretty chaotic.

Can you do magic with that horn?"
"I wore both a veil and a flower crown!  It was a half-up, half-down hairstyle with the veil pinned into the back part of my hair, separate from the flower crown.  Here's a picture for illustration: http://imgur.com/1RMGMCb

I definitely wanted to wear a veil, but I feel like the flowers add a nice romantic/nature/fantasy touch.  Keeping the flowers on the small side might help if you're concerned it might look too over the top otherwise.  Mine wasn't annoying to wear at all, I barely noticed it.  I think a flower crown would look great with your dress and I agree with other posters that you can definitely also use/incorporate your veil if you want!  "
"But if you leave one alone or Sleep Arrow it and allow it to wake up, those visual cues are gone, but the Roller will still break a Stealth Kill streak."
[deleted]
[deleted]
next time post the kit and leave out Memz
You got yourself a campaign manager /u/worldofwomen
"These are SO soft and comfortable it felt like wearing nothing at all.
1 Day wear $30, $5 per extra day of wear.
I accept Giftrocket and Amazon :)"
"Mijn groepen zijn doorgaans andersom, als er 15 minuten niks te knallen valt, slaan ze wel civilians in elkaar...

Had een dagboek van een villain in elkaar gezet, waren ze vergeten wie het was. Het is niet altijd geweldig, combat focus :-p"
It's alright
"Odd as it may sound, I've come to appreciate a lot of the ""bad"" SB relics quite a bit. Squall's revolver, Rydia's ice-whip, Ashe's runeblade, Zack's buster sword are the ones I've got personally.  

All of these I have got from lucky draws and wasn't crazy about them at the time (when there are things like boon/LH in the pool I didn't get). But after some time with them I've really come to appreciate how nice it is to have a bunch of characters with not-default SB's can be. I mix my teams up quite a bit so I know how awful it can be when a character has that SB gauge ready but no way to use it - just having something, anything to use, is a really nice thing to have."
"Yeah and when a 3470 is maxed out WoW probably runs in an fps range where 10-20% increase would not matter, but I don't care how somebody spends their money."
could you link where you bough parts?
"Yes! I want to choose my psi's rather than the RNG. That was one of my favorite long war features, and they put it in X2!"
That's fuckn awesome of u man.
[Supermutants are the bane of my existence](http://gfycat.com/GrizzledSevereGreatwhiteshark)
"Honest question, can ipf actually divulge? It's common in the NFL to use things like Adderoll as a cover for failed tests, as its better PR, and the league can't divulge why they actually failed"
"You are also a player, not just a referee.  It's important to make sure you're enjoying the story just like your players are."
"I'm realizing I may have to swap to cyclic assemblers for my own sanity haha. I've been trying to stick with the ie assembler and conveyor belts cuz they look look awesome. "
"This would be incredible. Although, if they made a DS4 that was a lot like 1 or 2, I would be inclined to buy that instead."
"So at what point was your order # saved? I made it to the 'confirm order' page quickly but then was stuck there for 45 mins. "
"Well, I created one :) 
[/r/SympathyLikes](https://www.reddit.com/r/SympathyLikes)
I thought sympathy likes would sound a little nicer than pity likes.
It states you as the one who came up with the idea and if you'd like I'll make you mod. "
"It's weird because I think all of his 50+ misses were at home. I don't think it's mental because a) not sure any misses were pressure situations (i.e. end of game/OT) b) none of them were shanked, just a little off, c) he had one 45yd miss when the field ate his leg, everything else was 50+. He just had a bit of a down year."
I felt my heart stop for a second. That poor woman!
"Exactly, and if they cheat on you, then they aren't the right one. They aren't worth the time being upset over. Another girl will appreciate how freaking awesome you are."
"What are you even on about? Did you write this comment just to argue with someone? "
well we didn't want to be rude
"I'm on my tablet, I just went with autocorrect. Damn technology not giving me my floating vowel colons"
"He has to do this! "
It isn't allowed anywhere.
"I tried to watch Dagashi Kashi from this winter's anime lineup, but the only thing that appealed to me were the snacks and candy. I'll wait for the next episode before I consider continuing or dropping it. I also found the new third part of DRRR's first episode a little underwhelming. I was confused and frustrated as Celty was even though it was a review of where the anime left off.

&gt; What's your guilty pleasure anime/manga series?

...Gintama."
"Actually, most of Canada had a green Christmas this year. Whistler, a ski resort in the mountains, was the only place 'dumped on'. 

Canada also does have Christmas Markets in all major cities (Toronto, Vancouver, Montreal, Quebec City), though they will likely be smaller than the markets in EU. "
Can we get them for the next time we get court-stormed with 2 seconds remaining?
*turns 360 degrees and walks away from this thread*
"Ha, shows what you know, I have 13 IQ points."
**THIS USER HAS BEEN BANNED!!  DO NOT DEAL WITH THIS USER!!**
"Dennis Nedry "
What kind of engineer are you?
[removed]
"No, I actually have Asperger's Syndrome (it seems quite a few people in this community do), and I just have trouble identifying sarcasm anyway. No Kappa."
"I feel like even with Twin gone, the 1-drop cantrips are too powerful. Making Storm better is also something WotC has shown completely unwilling to do, and the first thing anyone is going to do with their new playset of Preordain is shove it into a Storm deck, and Wizards knows that."
*loads pnuematic-shotgun-gauntlet.*
"I'll add to this (shouldn't need to but yet it still must be said) rounded side towards the wheel on those lug nuts. They're self centering, but not if they're flat side in. "
Dude how did you set your painter's tape to open in three months that's some next level tape
"sounds like you should write a manga or a light novel "
"Human beings are the worst species "
Literally go get checked for being legally retarded. You could qualify for benefits
"well,  I don't think that this or the other images requires explanation, if those doesn't fit your pre-conceived cyberpunk ~imaginary~ you can remove it "
"Considering the polls are this close, nobody can say their candidate can win. Both would be 100% speculating."
I'm familiar with all of them.
It also heavily depends on what game you're playing.  The long hit-confirms of SF4 make it more than possible to cross up your opponent and still end your combo in a charge move.
5-10k sorry just seen this
"Why are you/aren't you doing x y or z with your baby?

 It's my educated decision, don't question what me and my doctor have decided to do for my child."
[deleted]
https://www.reddit.com/r/WorldofTanks/comments/3jyvhb/t26e4_freedom_this_one_is_for_all_the_patriots/
"Load into an offline map

Type in the console 

game_mode 0;game_type 4

Hit enter, then type

map (type the map here)

Some I recommend are 

Gd_crashite
De_dust2

Gd_cbble

Have fun!"
[Link for The Man Who Sold The World](https://vimeo.com/49714031)
"&gt; Sure it does, everyone is ""BLM"" and no one is ""BLM"" at the exact same time.

This is tautological and a logical fallacy. You have no evidence or logic to support this - and this sentence is utter nonsense. 

You are simply *too stupid* to understand the idea of supporting claims *with evidence.* 

Until you go back to high school, learn about logic 101 and the scientific method, there is no point in engaging with someone incapable of grasping something as simply as *evidence.* 

You have no logic. You don't understand logic. You're erratic and irrational and simply too uneducated and dense to grasp Logic 101."
Oh my god Rey is sooo overpowered she must have been trained with a blaster then had her memory wiped!!! /s
"I like and trust **Tom Vasel** and **Rodney Smith** because, well, the way they do their videos I don't HAVE to trust them. They show enough of the game (or in Rodney's case, explain the rules well enough) that I can judge for myself whether or not I will like a game. I appreciate Tom's opinions at the end of his videos, but most of the time I can tell whether I'll like a game or not way before it gets to that point."
"How can he have shoes like that but still dress like some 14 year old. "
"Your submission has been removed because the title does not match the format required in /r/DoesAnybodyElse. Please resubmit your post with a title that fits one of these:

* **CAE** - Can/could anybody else
* **DAE** - Does/did/dare anybody else
* **HAE** - Has anybody else
* **IAE** - Is/was anybody else
* **WAE** - Will/would anybody else

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/DoesAnybodyElse) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Fair enough. I personally wouldn't want to put myself in the position to tempt fate, so I'd rather avoid doing illegal substances."
"Oops. That is not the same pop, notice the trapeze and the left hand is above the right on the catch in TMNT cafe the right hand is underneath the left. The right hand on the slow mo needs to go to the inside of the yoyo and around."
"Presumably the resolution or whatever the process of overriding it was would say what parts are overridden. In particular in the case of a law being declared unconstitutional, well, that would be overturned and it would be constitutional.

But as I said it could *already* be overturned by 3/4 of the states if they wanted to. "
"WHY DO I SEE 10-15 LEGENDARY PLAYERS WITH LEGENDARY CARD BACKS AT RANK 25-15???

WHAT THE HELL DID I DO TO THEM??"
"LSD causing PTSD is extremely rare. Bad trips are also much more rare than people would like you to believe. "
Tell that to Two of A Kind. Could fool anyone back then.
"Search your heart. I have a feeling you already know the answer to your question. "
"this can be seen as either positive or negative.  year 2 has better weapon balance, but it takes away from the drive to get the best weapons."
Shitty directing
"I'm in Canada, thelotter.com site has been down for a few days.  May I send you money through PayPal to buy 10 tickets?  "
"In my case, getting financing through the dealership was 3% better than what my credit union offered me. Don't feel locked into any one option."
This has already been posted an hour ago. Removed! :)
Don't forget the flying fish!
So ur event only wc proof only ? U from jpn right ? If yes u can get them by urself
Basically they only ban if they have solid evidence that the streamer themselves are viewbotting.
"I have a hard time understanding why fans invest themselves in hardware arguments as it is. Is having one of the best defensemen of our time not enough? He has to take home more trophies too? The trophies are meaningless and this one is purely subjective. Just be happy you have Karlsson/Doughty/Weber/Suter rather than dwelling on their trophy cases. "
"It's basically how infomercials work. 

1. Invent a previously non-existent problem.
2. Make invention to solve said problem."
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Yes residents of colorado, smoke that green, it's healthy!"
[Your prescription is ready](https://scontent-lga3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfl1/v/t1.0-9/943899_10100570164203326_3053309917500315536_n.jpg?oh=4a6e3b44129b23ffd1fced0f8c4c09b7&amp;oe=5712C262)
"make smaller power plants that fit your needs, its like putting a V8 on a set of wheels that can only go 20kph, that extra power is inefficient"
"If you need to borrow some PayPal, I'd lend you some so you could get the caps. Seriously, I know that feel of missing a biy because you don't have the money until a few weeks after."
Is this the kid that drew a picture of Jesus when he 'came back'?
I did not know this. That is ridiculous.
What does that even mean?
"&gt;putting the onus of the conversation on the recipient.


This is a problem for me.  I don't feel super confident about always driving the conversation.  "
"I think I worked with her doppelganger. 

This woman would try to one-up everything you did. You studied linguistics in university? She's getting a masters in EFL and linguistics. 

You broke a bone when a kid smashed you? She broke her face, but kept working and also made 3 years of lesson plans in the hospital while knitting a quilt. 

It's like shut the fuck up. "
Wait already an accountant? Isn't he like around 20?
"The larger half? You need 51% of the bill to redeem it, if you had the small half, that sucks

Either way that shouldn't be something you even get written up for, I'd kind of torn, on one hand being 100% honest is good because it's a ridiculous reason to fire someone, but on the other hand, you were only there for 3 months, so leaving it out would be acceptable"
"Does it really have to do with the Academy and percentage of share. How many movies can you name off the top of your head that had a black, female lead actress? I can only think of Halle Berry in Monster's Ball and Viola Davis in The Help. Surely there's a few more but my point is that that is a thin category. "
"Yeahhhhhhh Im not an office worker (never will be) but I do agree, it needs to be updated. I do an 8-6 shift."
[removed]
"Sanders apparently thinks both Black people and LGBTQ people just don't understand politics as well as his mostly young, White, male base.

And yet they somehow still aren't supporting him. Strange."
Not this one. .. I'm pretty sure I've heard the song I'm looking for in movies or TV shows
Never heard of her...
"They only send in stuff from the first semester, including final grade for one-semester courses."
"&gt; The technology is simply too good now...

Has there been technology that was introduced coinciding with the downward fall in prices? Did fracking hit prices with a lag? I'm not kept up with the oil market at all so it'd be interesting to see data on what exactly caused the oil price drop.

"
"Where did I say Russ couldn't be the executioner? I didn't, and you've missed the point.

You could replace every reference to Icarion with a reference to Magnus the Red and be left with the *exact story behind the Wolves' siege of Tizca.*"
"It's inevitable. If you want to sneak around youtube removing it you have to find a video you can get away with putting into the educational category "
[:D](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/c7/10/95/c71095cbe79c7c4a8d9854e99fb7a8a7.jpg)
"I don't think it's fair to apply legal terms to comedy, as nothing said or done is technically owned or trademarked in the comedy world. There are unwritten rules in comedy, mainly: don't steal. Just because it's not legally binding doesn't make it okay. Leary stole from Louie, who was his OPENER, as well as his good friend Bill Hicks. Regardless of the legality, he's a piece of shit for doing so. He betrayed the trust of his friend and profited off the humor of a young no name (at the time) comic without once giving credit to the source of the material.

Also, and this is completely subjective, ""I'm an Asshole"" and hilarious should not be used in the same sentence. "
I can see this being bad for Star wars. I hope avatar pushes them out of IMAX 10 days after they release.
is the bot allowed to post in the real subreddit yet
"You did it with English, didn't you? Your English in this short passage reads pretty native-like to me. I'm assuming you posted this with minor trouble, so how long did it take you to get to this point? If you did it before, you can do it again. Don't stress yourself out."
[8 damage insta-gib.](https://youtu.be/WpKgwpLH3e4?t=20m40s)
"""No thanks, guitar groups are on the way out.""

Decca Records to The Beatles after their audition, 1962."
"You *hoped* for Mario &amp; Luigi: Sticker Star?

edit: Above comment was fixed, ignore this."
"I am very curious to know what happened with your relationship? I still think about my ex gf from time to time, its almost been a full year since we've been broken up. She left me and a month later she was already dating another guy! the heartbreak is real, never would i thought it would effect me the way it did, keep your head up. I would suggest to talk to a girl who is outside the blood line of your ex, there is plenty of women out there man, even if you do like her sister, don't think it would end well."
This is lazier than not wanting to zoom in
"[ExposureFans](https://www.reddit.com/r/ExposureFans/comments/41x4t7/pier_7_starbursts_san_francisco/) | [Link To Original Submission](http://reddit.com/41x4bp) 

______

^^^I ^^^Am ^^^A ^^^Bot. ^^^Please ^^^Message ^^^/u/FurSec ^^^if ^^^you ^^^have ^^^any ^^^feedback ^^^or ^^^suggestions."
"What's your thoughts on the Oscar boycott, and will Leonardo win this time "
Unless your car/truck/suv is all-wheel drive/4x4 and has snow tires you'd best stay in. And even then it can be hazardous. I live in Denver and the last time I drove during the snow I made decent money. People still have to go to their jobs and then get home. One night I drove and surge went on for a couple hours because there were hardly any drivers out. Just way the risks. I also kinda like driving in the snow. Be careful!
"ITT: People posting the most popular quote from a show, regardless of whether it covers the premise of the show at all."
[deleted]
Do It
[Here's how fucking huge you have to be to squat 800 lbs.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddCEZHpVqqc)
It was 2 i think
"I have 3 or 4 rooms where i'd like to have some music.
let's say 2 rooms get only one sonos play 1 - thats 430 bucks
In the living room i'd probably need a subwoofer and another two sonos play 1 - thats another 1270.- for 2.1 audio.
So including the 4th room it'd be at least 2000 Dollar (in my country).
"
"Yeah, I guess how much you drink on your own would play a factor. I never came close to the ""required"" 8 canteens"
"I'm jealous. I'm originally from Bakersfield but wasn't into/didn't know about the sport yet there when I lived there. Used to hang out at this park all the time as a kid brings back memories. Gotta go back and play it some day. "
"the fact that people here and on other message boards arguing about it means that Conor's trash talk is already working.  conor himself probably spends more time here in socal than he does in Ireland so he is being a massive hypocrite.  but he doesn't care, he's just picking something out to annoy RDA and get under his skin.  I'm sure the whole thing about accusing RDA of using PEDs will be his next attack."
"I'd spring a little more to ship them. The shipping would probably be comparable to the gas money, even now."
"Totally! I had no idea what was actually going on back then, especially on DS9. Watching them again as an adult, I realized that those shows had some really heavy themes."
"Thanks for replying, I'm feeling better right now.  Thank you, though"
eyy
Exactly. The burst of information at the beginning of a subject is huge.
"Yeah and if I do get a replacement cable, do I have to send my current one back and wait to get the new one?  Do I just not charge my surface in the meantime?...."
Atleast hickson can touch the ring
I'd add what were the different Google algorithm updates and what did they target.
"Thanks. 
The strava route planner seems nice.  And since I'm in the free-premium month I might drop them an email/support ticket on how I'd enjoy a OpenStreetMap cycle layer overlay for their map :3

When it comes to water/lunch/etc. most of the things that I've applied when going for a multi-hour hike in the middle of nowhere seem to apply -- I think I'll be able to handle with any kind of issues my body might try to throw in my direction (given some more training and some more experience with longer rides around where I live...), but thanks for the reminders :)

Anyway, something that I'm asking myself is: spare parts? tools? I'd take a multitool (for bikes), my leatherman (why not?) and two spare tubes with me. How about a spare chain? Do spare chains come pre-oiled or should I take some oil with me too? [Worst case: frame cracks and I walk to the next village to phone my parents because my phone got damaged too. They pick me up. So I'd only take stuff with me that I can easily replace on the road]"
"He is cool, but we clicked well as friends. Didn't want to mess that or the new club up (romantic relationships tend to be messy). "
test
"Not so much for the player themselves, but also the opponents.  I notice that at peak hours, I get better matchups and win a lot more often. If I play at 3am or later, the matches are much more sporadic and the outcome of the game is much more reliant on random factors that I can't control (i.e. matchmaking)."
"this. Alli is still only 19, and he's never played in such a punishing schedule before. it's the right thing to do to ease him back in, especially after a poor last couple games."
"Are there settlers there or is it just a personal place?

My hangman's alley is constantly getting raiders who think they can live there, so I moved the settlers out of that area."
"I feel like you'd be pretty good looking if you get a different hair cut and get contact lenses instead of glasses. Also, if the rest of your clothes are like that shirt, some new clothes. You have a nice facial structure, potentially a good looking guy."
"Health insurance really only benefits people if major problems happen.... you or your child gets cancer or some sort of rare disease.  If you don't expect anything to happen, just pay out of pocket for office visits cash.
"
"timez r tuf, bruh"
test
Have I seen that cosplayer somewhere before? Also Minori was adorable but Taiga still gets my number one.
I was in rust aswell
"Jason can't read minds, obviously, but he sucks up his anxiety and speaks. ""Have you seen any other Star Wars?"""
"I'd imagine they have fancy machines on hand, so not too long."
"The ""looking for something serious"" line probably reduces your matches by a lot since very few users of Tinder are looking for something serious. Might be different in a small town though
"
MDT and WDS for sure.
"According to Google, this amazon listing is for under 500 USD.

http://www.amazon.ca/ASUS-Radeon-1000MHZ-500MHZ-3xDisplayPort/dp/B0159FY7RC"
"There are quite a few of these in El Cerrito, Ca as well"
Do It
"Hmm..Maybe. I actually haven't started a new game on a playset, they probably do. Sorry!"
Looks prepared already to me!
[deleted]
"I don't really think this is much of a ""news"" story but its kinda nice to see Nenshi still giving the PM a  peice of his mind.  I know some people thought Nenshi woul back down now that the Harper is gone."
"I like this idea, I think it would be cool to add some like daily or weekly objectives too or challanges or like more importantly custom trainings."
[removed]
"Imgurs gotta be making some decent money too. "
"Oh oui, j'en doute pas, mais je pense que pas tout le monde y est adapté anatomiquement, notamment pas beaucoup de femmes."
"Michele, Liz, Debbie, Darnell, Julia, Neal"
ive been visited by the shymain of good luck
"Just got the pc version from steam durring the winter sale and got a bunch of mods going that being one of them. 70 hours in and haven't gotten even close to where it plays out, but the unending wonder that comes with the mods is mostly worth the CTDs."
Reddit did? That's quite an accusation.
"I agree. Krendor should probably have been the hardest match for NL. Given that's the case and his own inexperience, he actually played really well in this one."
That's too long to wait.  I could die before then!
[deleted]
I have mixed feeling about this - On one end they didn't earn the spot because it was supposed to go to Ex-Denial whom won the premier league but on the other hand they deserve the spot so they can put NA in their place... Under OCE. GLHF Boys!
"the reason I didn't Advantilate (maybe i could have with natural Ad on Luneth?) was because I don't have Wall or HH which means no mitagation and i thought I'd be eaten up pretty fast. either way I made it work quite easily for this one and next event (VII) shouldn't be too bad with Cloud and RED with good synergy so looking forward to that "
So i've been doing chicken scratch for the longest time. Today I decided fuck it and went for smooth lines throughout the character. I'm pretty proud of myself right now.
"Hi DemacianStandard, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s)

* It violates [[Rule 3]](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-): Askreddit is for open-ended, discussion questions. Questions with definite answers are not appropriate, and for those, try /r/answers. Yes/No, either/or, ['Does Anybody Else'](/r/doesanybodyelse), [Would-You-Rather](/r/wouldyourather), [poll-type questions](/r/pollquestions), or [surveys](/r/samplesize) are not conducive to community discussion.

* It violates [[Rule 6]](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-): seeking medical, mental health, legal or other professional advice.



*If you feel this was done in error, or would like further clarification, please don't hesitate to [message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&amp;message=My%20Post:%20https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/41lrss/would_a_doctor_order_a_quarantine_for_a_pregnant/).*"
Any idea how high of a chance his auto attk taunt is?
"I hope this happens, it's Landon's best option considering the sponsorship he has to bring (little)"
How's your motivation for other things?
[removed]
"Exactly.  It is hard to believe statistically that they happen to be the best for the job just because they are related. 

It's what was bad about monarchies.  You get one crazy murderous son of a king and all of a sudden you realize genetics are pretty random. "
Zero Gravity Pen = Pencil
"Look into P2P, it will likely save you on that."
"&gt; I mean in a group of people, each individual should be able to own a gun, unless prohibiting factors are present.

Even Sarah Brady believes that much."
"Your post has been temporarily removed for untagged spoilers in a thread that has not been spoiler tagged for it. Please fix or properly tag your spoilers and reply to this comment and it'll be re-approved. 

**How to use spoiler-tags:**

Typing:

    [LN Title](/s ""LN Spoiler"")

Will show up as:

[LN Title](/s ""LN Spoiler"")


_____

For more information on our spoiler policies, please [read here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/LightNovels/wiki/rules#wiki_follow_spoiler_policies)"
"Smart, tactical, and in control of the situation. Also shortish spiky black hair."
"""With dynamic que this uncertainty is attenuated and the outcome of the match will depend more closely on skill.""

I'm confused with this statement, ""dynamic queue"" refers to the ability to queue with more than 2 players, are you suggesting that being able to do so will raise your chances of getting a competent player? I would argue against that, although I would defend the same statement made about the ""new champ select"", which refers to the ability to preselect 2 main roles."
"Looks like he is watching Gochuumon wa Usagi Desu ka? Great taste in anime for sure "
"Yeah sorry, you could have been arguing for sawn-off shotguns I suppose, I should have checked. "
"They are called cornices and yes can be very dangerous. "
"Going along with left analog stick issues in Rocket League, it will frequently not register any movement when navigating the game menus. 

It was quite annoying for, until recently, I found that if I click the right touchpad, it gets the left stick working in the menus again for a while."
"College Station, TX.  Sometimes Houston and Austin matches as well."
But it's lame.
"I remember him being champ in Portland wrestling. He had a decent run in the territories from mid 70s to '82. Vince Sr pushed him as a real threat but as soon as Vince Jr. took over he put him in the role of jobber. The irony is he was obsessed with having a healthy lifestyle and was a work out nut and supposedly did it all drug free which earned him the reputation and nick name ""mr clean"" from the locker room although some people believe that nickname was for his preference for long showers and freshly folded clothes. "
[deleted]
"1 - buckets aren't watertite - doesn't matter Gamma lids or regular locking lids - gaskets allow for seepage - buckets are always ""This End Up"" .... you can't bury buckets due to groundwater pressure - dunk directly under water and you'll have one fucking mess ....

2 - buckets need to be food grade - always - food require FDA food grade manufacture ....

3 - whoever said mylar is waterproof - wrong - has plenty of qualities but waterproof isn't one of them .... 

4 - save your $$$ - buy regular locking lids and save the Gamma lids to create a post SHTF ""pantry"" after you crack open your long term storage buckets .... Gammas are for regular bucket access not long term storage ...."
"well, the heavy area of snow is liable to change.....but it certainly has my attention."
Ah nbd. I could have been clearer
"An interview is always a two-way street. They're interviewing you as a potential candidate for their company. You're interviewing them to see if their a company you'd fit in with and be willing to spend 40+ hours a week at.

Ask as many questions as you feel you need to do be comfortable making that decision."
"nobody starts out as gender critical and then flips to yay trans.  That train only goes one way.  Once people pull into gen crit station, they stay."
"Change the topic, it is a spoiler"
"Something we tried that I've not seen mentioned is Ben wa balls. They were pretty cool, the ones we got were two balls sort of attached to each other like larger anal beads. She puts them in (lubed up) for 15 or more minutes before you have sex. When she walks around I guess they vibrate a lot inside her so it's not on the clit and it stimulates the hell out of her. She said she even came from just pulling them out. So maybe something like this would be a different form of stimulation that can sort of warm her up for you? 
"
"Best TIL ever! "
Penetration would be less of a concern and more just the sheer kinetic energy it can put on target.
"Oh well that's going to be fun to look for, ah well I guess I'll just have to use the disk and hope nothing happens to it. "
"You said that women get more uti's from uncircumcised men (which by the way has not been proven), how would you fix that then?"
"Right, but I think that it's obvious you care more about music in general than some other people do. But I believe that you'll suffer a lot less aggravation if you use an ""interpretation filter"" for the things people say about music. No matter how little someone knows about music, they are going to basically know the genres. And most people will have genres that they can't stand. Can not bear having it forced upon them. So if a person despises rap, they don't know or care about the broad range of tones and flows and messages that rap contains. They just know that it's rap, they hate it, and to them it all does sound the same, because it sounds exactly like ""some boring bullshit that isn't music and I don't want to hear it"". 

And I just used rap as an example, you can easily find someone who would say the same thing about any genre of music. 

So if you hear someone say ""it all sounds the same"", just shrug your shoulders and move on. They are already so prejudiced against anything you try to tell them, that you're just beating your head against the wall. 

Go find the person who says ""Huh, I don't know anything about that"". That's when it's game on! Show that person all of the things you love. Don't worry about the person who had already dismissed your interests. "
"I wish it was an external alarm, but it's an internal alarm, right inside the front door, so all the surrounding neighbours can hear it.

I've got a friend who deals with property conveyancing, going to see if there is anything there to find the family..."
"Really depends on how large your LGS is and how popular Magic is in the area, but generally it should not be too difficult."
"If the media covered Bernie they would have covered him saying this well over a week ago.  "
"I gib u all of my uboats
"
"After Valencia's 2-2 draw with Rayo yesterday, Paco Jémez said he would have hanged himself if Valencia had won the match.

Eibar has 33 points and is 6, just one point below Celta Vigo."
"Hi, I am looking into getting my first 3ds and I plan on getting the new version. My question is to see if anyone has experience with Nintendo's refurbished units. I believe they have them on their site already and I would imagine they should be in mint condition but I am always weary of buying used. Just wanted to get some thoughts on this?"
"Yeah, it finishes installing but still leads to a soft-brick. So that's probably not the issue."
"How's it a shitpost? It's funny. Ya know because he generally never speaks or says so little. 

The dudes one of the best backs to ever play the game. Buffalo was idiotic to let him go. "
Terry Tate: Zookeeper
[removed]
Exactly.
[deleted]
"It's a great read, but the way that she approached her books is not so much as a treatise on the topic at hand, but rather a journal of how she researched it and what she experienced on the way. Its funny and engaging, but of course, that might not be everyone's cup of tea. "
[deleted]
eyyy
[deleted]
"Oh I've gotten a lot better in the last few years. Having to meet bosses and represent a company made me change a lot of the way I interact with people. Just stay concious of your words and body language. Learn when to bullshit and when to be proper and you'll be fine. "
"I have never really had acne, but when I wear even what I'm told are good brands of make up with light applications and clean it off within a few hours of putting it on, I get annoying little pimples on my face for the next week or longer.  I like having clear skin and not being itchy, so I don't wear any of the primer/foundation/powder, or even just a little powder, unless it's a fancy even where I'll be on stage, have a professional photo taken, or be at a new years party.

I am in medical school and feel that my work should be done without needing to wear makeup.  I want patients to be able to relate to me, and it seems weird to me to get all ""dressed up"" by putting on make up just so that I can learn how to do a proper rectal exam.

I also don't like makeup because I like to feel like my face is perfectly clean.  I have OCD and like to have the option to wash my face or at least use one of those wipes during the day if I feel too greasy and sweaty.  If I wear makeup, I can't really do that without having to reapply it.

Mascara is fine, until it starts to irritate contacts or get in my way.  I have some really long days, and sometimes nap at school/work.  I don't like having to worry that I look like a raccoon and wonder if the teenager is looking at me funny because I asked her about her poop schedule or because I have makeup smeared across my face."
"I honestly don't believe you have to do all that. 

I already know my cycles for depression. 

I also know that I can fight my medicines by taking Vitamin pills.
Sugar can be fine in moderation.

I gave up pop 2015-2016. I just recently switched to drinking pop because energy levels are highly affected by medicine.

I also realize the deep limbic system is the last to develop on the brain. Also you know what that means my judgement isn't the best. I do know that taking drugs under 25 can be dangerous. 

My learning ability is sharp. My memory is sharp. I also know how to forget stuff too. 

Also why monitor my moods if I suffered depression through ages 10-15. I now understand why my moods were changing. Ups ,and Downs. 

I have tons of intelligence because of this book: Change your brain change your life before 25. 
 
I dont have a psychiatrist yet. I been taking meds since December 22. I think."
"True. It's a biscuit "
"You would be correct. I'm not sure if it's this specific episode but I recall a few of them.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_l-WgEQjpU"
"I understand where your coming from- I just want to put you in my shoes for a second.

$10 to me right now could easily be my school food budget for the next 5 days, save it, or put it towards my phone bill. If your poor, this is a great deal to keep your machine running a wee bit longer until you can afford something like an 8 gig kit.

That's where I'm coming from, being poor sucks and every cheap upgrade that you can afford is nice. "
"it would be good if it didn't have scope glint as well. it doesn't have a scope after all, that would be a decent tradeoff."
"I know it's disappointing, but they are on sale once in a while, last time they were $192.50. So keep eyes on them, you'll get them in your price range."
"&gt; Ukraine wanted to play tough and learned its lesson, it's to early for them to join the big boys club

Damn, are you 15 y.o.?"
"You seem to really not like people liking Morrowind "
Fantastic DM group from liverpool. Nice knowing there is an awesome band such as these coming from Liverpool aka the city i come from
Try again I just updated it
[deleted]
"I want to watch it but I don't want to download it.
Damn life before YouTube links"
"...are you alright, Cambria?"
"I had a Magna, EXACTLY as pictured. Just got rid of it for an FZ8. :) Gotta say, its a great muscle bike, but it just ISN'T a comfortable tourer. Good picks though!"
"This. My workplace is located near a couple of law practices. While out of a smoke break, I often speak to a few of the lawyers. 

They are often kind hearted nice people. In fact, one lady was actually visibly upset regarding her client being of ill health and not being able to help her more.  Another lawyer had recently started smoking again because he was so heart broken about his client having to give up his house to pay fees. 

So yeah, there are assholes. Like any industry. But they are people, mostly.

Its usually clients that make the image of the asshole lawyer. Either they are being paid handsomely to defend some prick, or the client is single-mindedly chasing a result/massive payout etc."
"Gavin gets close to Asuna without being rude and whispers. 

""Looks like we're lucky, we've seen him do this before. Hopefully he'll stay asleep until we get the whole group down here.""

Carefully and quietly, the two move west."
U called?
Mhm. That's what I thought.
"Green: Beast Within, all the pit fight instants (I think they're RG, though). On the slower side: City of solitude, dosan the falling leaf, song of dryads, lignify.

Red: Red Elemental Blast, Pyroblast, Lightning Bolt, Lightning Axe, Firestorm, cycle a Decree of Anal, just crap-tons of burn spells. Other stuff: Lightning Crafter, magmatic force, inferno titan, Price of Glory.
 
White: A billion different things

Black: A billion different things

Blue: A billion different things."
"well this is weird.. "
I choose to believe that if there is a god and he willed that then he also willed the human race to develop medicine. Thus by extension he willed vaccines which people choose not to use. Idiots.
No. I've watched it before though
"Occam's razor. But there's a difference between what I think and what the evidence says. I think the evidence is inconclusive, and based on that I think he should have been found not guilty. But what evidence there is is enough to make me think it's likely, even if it doesn't all add up. "
[deleted]
Not very sciencey at all.
"""It's not selfish putting your happiness first once in a while""

""Find a job you love, not just a job that pays well""

Pretty good advice for a man who broke a lamp shade off, only to parade around the house wearing it as a hat..."
"[Nope, this is in Michigan](http://michigan.gov/documents/sos/SOS445_Special_Organization_448735_7.pdf).

Looks like a normal ""college"" plate, but it's [a badge of sorts](http://www.michigan.gov/images/sos/Fraternal-Order-of-Police-Pure-Michigan-plate_422639_7.jpg)"
[Now it's my time to shine.](http://i.imgur.com/k8wO9bd.png)
now I want to post a follow up question that gets recommended to a psychotics forum
"You are all about the mutilation of erogenous zones, aren't you?"
"No. "
"I played a lot of Chess before I started playing Go. Then I stopped playing Chess for about ten years and just played Go.

When I started playing some pick up Chess later it really surprised me how much my view of the game had changed. Before my understanding of Chess was primarily Positional and Material. After, however, my main understanding was Temporal. When I play Chess now I pay exacting attention to tempo and also started thinking of whether given moves were sente or gote (ie forcing, or with a powerful enough followup that it might as well be forcing)."
It wasn't speedball but UPS fudged up a delivery and I was shipped 55 lbs of frozen solid waterbased ink.  I ended up thawing it and it worked just fine.  Not saying yours will be fine too just don't give up hope!
"Honestly would be fine either way. Your PSU can handle it. "
LOL too close to call
"Cause I am retarded. "
"Kahlenberg is still picked for national duty....just kidding i think its Tim Sparv or Jacob Poulsen from FC Midtjylland. "
"BFC

Bought a small allotment last week, and looking to buy some more once I get some more capital.

Will edit when I get the chance to post more in-depth what I like/dislike about them

Here we go:

What I like:

-Diversification: milk, cheese, seafood, meat and Whey powder products. No reliance on one sole product.

-Appealing to China’s Middle Class: 326million new middle class are expected to emerge in China’s urban areas from 2014 to 2030. (http://www.businessinsider.com.au/chinas-rising-middle-class-will-create-opportunities-the-world-has...) BFC are well in position to capitalise on this.

-High Quality Products: Visited Hon Kong, Shenzhen and Gaungzhou late last year and this cannot be said enough. China’s love of high quality (even more so western) products is outrageous. Their marketing strategy is also well done around this.

-Access to Asia: Beston currently have offices in China (1,361,512,535(excludes HK and Macau) population, (2015), Thailand (67,976,405 population (2015), Vietnam (94,348,835 population (2015) and Brunei (429,646 population (2015).http://www.internetworldstats.com/asia.htm

Well positioned going forward, hopefully they look to expand into Indonesia and India once more established.

-Ties: Majority shareholder is Dashang, the largest retailer in Northeastern China and has the green light from the Chinese government to operate there which is one of the biggest plus’ for me. Wanting to do Business in China is one thing, getting approval to do it is a whole another story. BFC already have their foot in the door in China and well placed to expand further there.

-Brand Image: High quality products I think are the key if BFC are to be successful in Asia and they realise that, Capitalising on Australia’s clean, green image and focusing on that.

 

What I don’t like:

-Dividend payout: I would have preffered to BFC to re-invest their earnings for growth but it’s not the end of the world, will only give me more cash to purchase more BFC share.

-Pump and Dump: Concerned people might see BFC as a hype-train pump and dump stock. Hopefully the strong growth prospects and Div payout attract more long term investors like myself

 

Overall:

Not only do I think there is currently a strong underlying value, but more importantly the potential of this stock is intangible and not everyone realises how well positioned they are for future growth.

 

But I’m definitely no expert and this is purely my own opinion. DYOR

"
Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/7qle5/us_forces_men_to_stay_in_iraq_if_they_cant_afford/?ref=search_posts
"I understand that but my older sister (10 years older than I am) still lives at home, she's 35 and has a boyfriend that also lives with his parents (I think he's around 38).  My parents both seem fine with that setup and don't harass her like they do to me."
"A barrel of oil is not 55 gallon barrel "
[deleted]
"That was much better than when Team Vestas Wind ran aground in the middle of the night and took of like 9ft of the stern. "
Why are you building cases against people? Is the goal to make them unable to comment anywhere? Just invalidate everything they say regardless of the actual quality of the comment?
You don't have to cover for him.
Better start making a castle level now!
"
This submission has been removed automatically per the sidebar rule:

&gt; No post links to active polls or petitions. 

We do allow **articles** about petitions if the story focuses on the result of a closed petition or a unique aspect of a current petition and not an active poll or petition in-and-of itself

[More information can be found here](http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/filtereddomains#wiki_petition.2Fadvocacy_websites)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Just to provide some perspective, I grew up poor and we very rarely ate out, to the point where even McDonald's was a rare treat. Put simply, I was too thin and hungry to categorize foods as healthy or unhealthy. I grew up without candy and soda to cut down on dentist visits, but that was the only reason, and even today I don't have much of a sweet tooth.

I moved out of home when I was 17 and got a job, and having never had to worry about being overweight, I just ate what I wanted. It wasn't until I was 20 and still mysteriously growing out of my clothes that it even occurred to me start to cut down on fast food."
"With that excellent pass during game 6 I think Bickel showed his dedication to the Ducks. "
have you? i just thought it was pretty cool and our team was whooping them. what console do u have!
"Confirmed. "
"I am just beginning to really question what a mid-tier UK PhD will do for me in America and I'm having trouble finding the answer. If i want to go into industry i think i will be over qualified for many jobs and it may close more doors than open. I'm nervous that the publication record of my supervisors isn't nearly the caliber of mid tier US schools and if i wanted to work there, i wouldnt get my foot in the door. "
"RSD has some real good game advice. Most of it is very similar to TRP. TRP is better at explaining why women behave the way they do, but RSD will tell you how they behave. "
Discounted at $9.50 or free while you're standing in line at the cashier.
"I think it is, I've only used it on GTA IV but I haven't noticed anything fishy."
Thank you for everything you've done to help this sub get this far - now go out into the greener pastures and help the campaign in other ways - grats and good luck!
"AMA

Diploma of Business through Open Polytechnic (almost finished) while working in public sector 

I'm studying part time and through correspondence while working in my chosen career, which is potentially a good way of studying if you didn't really like school and/or feel traditional uni isn't for you "
"The Django excerpt just sounds like lots of up &amp; down bowings, which could simply be 2x 16ths of this note, 2x 16ths of that note, on and on. Nothing too crazy really, technique wise. Just fast and a lot of notes. It probably sounds a bit crazier than that simply because there are several violins playing all those notes at the same time and there's some ""humanization"" causing slight timing differential. Just because it may have been written initially on the piano, doesn't mean it has to be playable on the piano. It's just a method to sort out the madness. When he wrote it, he was probably just playing 1 note per pitch on the piano, knowing in his head that the end result would be 2 notes per pitch on violin. Playing quick successions of repeated notes is relatively easy on violin vs. piano.

The Bishara excerpt probably includes written instructions and lots of descending wavy lines. :P 

I couldn't tell you about the technique for certain, but if I had to guess it's put a finger on a string and slide it up and down, like a really enlarged and elongated vibrato, while gradually bringing each iteration of that down the string until you reach the end of the string. Then when you reach the end of the string, move to the next one and do the same thing again. And likely it's instructed that it's out of time, so the individual performers are all doing it slightly different. Also it sounds as if another section of cello (maybe?) is doing some random bowings purposefully too slow/at the wrong angle, which is causing the scratchy dissonance. "
No.
"Since the release of the game, *that one weapon* has changed quite a bit. But there was always that one weapon that was easy to pick up and just about everybody would use.

From what I remember, Soon after release, when Turf War was the only mode to play, it was the Aerospray RG. In June, it was the Krack-on Roller. In July, it was the Tentatek. Now, it's mostly the two gals with the splash wall.

Then there are the long-range chargers that require more skill to use and that people have just been complaining about since the game was released. And while the Dynamo doesn't require as much skill as a charger to use, that is also one weapon that keeps making people salty."
"I asked yoshi a while ago to add fuel to most of the boots, he still hasn't done it"
"yeah as a teacher of ancient history, Rome fell for MANY reasons, and the emphasis here is just so wrong."
WRLD live shows. That would be pretty cool.
I'm about 175
"*The plant sways in place, its blossom starting to open...*"
"[Sting &amp; Lex Luger vs. The Steiner Brothers @ WCW SuperBrawl](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x3aej73_sting-lex-luger-vs-the-steiner-brothers_sport). My favorite tag-team match ever, and one of the hardest hitting, high impact tag-team matches of all time, is only 11:09. The best babyface friends in the company at the time, as well as road and training partners, going at it for the belts. The story is that they all know each other so well that a standard tag match is impossible - so all four men throw everything they've got for 11 minutes until someone can't go any longer. The shmozz finish drops its quality slightly, but it still earned a 4.5-star rating from the Wrestling Observer."
"My kids got similar letters before their free lunch went through. It was insane! If they were like $0.40 in the hole, they got poor kid meals (I think it's like a plain ham sandwich, an orange, and white milk?) until we paid up."
"&gt; where is says that men and women are actually paid equal for **the same work**

The con is, they say ""equal work"" and then quote statistics comparing male brain surgeons with female secretaries.  Usually they use census data which is of every full time worker in the country regardless of work.  It's as far away from ""equal work"" as you can get. 

&gt; it's 2016, different wages was years ago

Indeed you'd have to go back 80, 100 maybe 120 years to times when professions were limited entry to one sex or the other, and then compare eg a tailor with a seamstress, which were not really the same."
"Couple of his predictions...

&gt;In 2009, Faber predicted with full confidence that the Federal Reserve's policy of keeping interest rates near zero would lead to hyperinflation approaching levels seen in Zimbabwe.

&gt;In 2012, Faber claimed that there was a ""100% chance"" of a global economic recession later that year or in early 2013

&gt;On January 14 2015, Faber predicted that gold prices will rise by 30% in 2015.

It's easy to be right with vague assumptions some of the time, that doesn't make you an accurate predictor."
"""for a few weeks"" should never be spoken as a prediction for future bitcoin price.   It is just absurd."
I hadn't ever seen it before. I sent a message to jack links with the info on it though
I live and drive in Seattle every day and I only see this pretty rarely?
http://www.neopets.com/browseshop.phtml?owner=cervidae_rae&amp;buy_obj_info_id=71343&amp;buy_cost_neopoints=2190
That last cookie
"i find this works best for me, if i try to decide i have enough vils i usually stop making at around 10-20 too few"
There's a difference between not trying and throwing. Learn it.
Well that sounds like a personal problem to me.
Elemental abilities I think. Wouldn't it be cool if he had some stance changes like udyr but a bullet/gun change? Like each one changes the way his auto attack works. I think that would be super cool
"""I'm well."" Andrey said with a bemused smile as he sat himself down beside her. ""Been getting to know my nephews."" He glanced across the pools looking for them. He found Gethin in the middle of a ring of boys his age wrestling with some butcher's son or the like. Aron was harder to catch sight of, until he burst up out the water in the center of the pool, drenching a nearby cluster of talking girls.

""What about you?"" he asked, still laughing, a broad smile on his face. ""You look better now. Less pale, happier. It's nice to see you doing so well."""
"I'M SO HAPPY "
deranked from dmg to mg2 during 11 wins and 2 losses. Those people are the worst. My comment section was full with hacker -rep stuff taht i had to delete because those people are salty as fuck.
"This is a joke, not a serious comment"
Whoops. I probably just inputted one bet then. Congratulations on your win! (:
"I loved the atmosphere of Derelict, but for me, what Darius and General B and the other guys on the Blue Planet mod have managed to do (with a 16+ year old game, no less!) is just amazing. The way the first two acts ramped the tension up and then HOLY SHITBALLS Act 3 and Universal Truth part 2, man, I will NEVER ever play anything like that again, I don't think."
I am playing Westbrook in a couple lineups.  Even if Durant plays they are going to be careful with him.
"&gt;I've got the feeling you've never done mathematic modelling work before.

Boy the commenters in this topic seem to know a lot about me. Like /u/limemac85, you're wrong.

&gt; What you actually did was compare DPS druid and no druid at all.

Yes, that was the point. One of the things about modeling is that when you find a correlation you try to break it by making extreme assumptions. If the correlation still holds, you can assume you've found a legitimate correlation. That was the basic idea behind this post. Make the most extreme assumptions about DPS difference between the builds, and see what the effect was. Even with those assumptions, the effect was fairly negligible. Conclusion: there is pretty much no point in bringing a DPS druid.

Also the other posted didn't point out any arithmetic errors. He compared my numbers to an entirely different build with entirely different assumptions."
lol thats not bad at all mate. my first build took 7 hours plus the next day for windows. built my mates in a day fairly smoothly. Just built my first itx and its taken 3 months. Faulty parts then parts changing and not having windows then things breaking and shit not working when it should have. After I had already built the thing and then broke the motherboard. Finally ready now.
[deleted]
I wish the rest of /r/Music was more like you then.
"Sports? Other activities that require you to be on a team? Volunteer! Start joining things that seem interesting. It's generally harder to meet good friends after 30, but the people I've become friends with in my late 20s into 30 have been through work, sports, school, or volunteering. Things that I'm genuinely interested in. Good luck!"
kk
d's nuts
"Yeah, exactly. I doubt I'll regret waiting."
wait a phoenix LTI? for 320? Helluva deal! Or do you mean upgrade?
"It's so strange that people seem to like complaining about the very social security nets we're so proud of.

This is the cost of affordable healthcare and education, people. I thought we were OK with that."
Eminem - Recovery
"It isn't illegal, though. Secondly, he never said in explicit terms ""I was a victim of an assassination attempt"" or anything like that."
"So the first girl got fired for calling out, and the GM assumed it was related to some FB shit? That's crap. "
He wasnt
"That's the wimpiest name I've ever heard. Well I am Vishum 'Taham, pleased to meet you."
"So today I beat flappy bird like 10x or something.  Some games I swipe more than once and play back to back so I don't have to wait for the tickets to be paid out for the first game.  When this happens and I get the jackpot both games I end up getting the ticket counter to display something like 2,400 tickets or whatever because it combines the two payouts and I believe it posts them as one payout if I check a kiosk.  Will I be flagged for this?"
"Yes there were a whole range prior to Esperanto. The first widespread constructed international auxiliary language was probably Volapük. Although a number existed even before that. A book worth referring to on the subject is Umberto Eco's brilliant ""The Search for the Perfect Language"""
"That's fine but I'm not accepting it until next Monday which you would know if you were FUCKING PAYING ATTENTION, ZOMBIEZSLAYA"
"I like Acure eye cream.  $16.  It has various plant stem cells, which seem to be effective, I think.  I do it for preventative care at this point, but I would say that it does help my eye area seem more refreshed.  I use eye cream sporadically, though!"
It's just a spreadsheet.
"That devo is deceptively smart. 

""oh he shot in the opposite direction, what a dumbass""

hits minion and aoe hits me. "
I have that airgun. Its a really nice one.
"Why wouldn't people in Australia NZ etc use something like HopShopGo and save a ton of money?

Have you guys considered buying the American version and having it shipped here by one of those American shipping services? Should work out way cheaper than the extra $170USD that we get charged.

http://www.hopshopgo.com/hopshopgo/start-shiptrack.do

$24 for the first .5kg then $4 for every extra .5kg...way way cheaper."
"To other users posting on this thread (and **not** to the submitter of this particular thread): offering on price check and question threads is not allowed. Failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban.

Sharking is not tolerated here, and any attempt made *will* result in a permanent ban.

[Please refer to our subreddit's rules as well if you have any doubts.](http://www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"I'd totally move my partner and I to Alabama for the riches, but I then remembered I'd have to spend *any* amount of time in Alabama for it."
I was not expecting the band pulling across my pecs/shoulders to be so painful.
Holiest band ever
Can confirm.
Step 1 be attractive. Step 2 don't be unattractive.
"
**EVGA GeForce GTX 980 Ti 6GB SC+ GAMING ACX 2.0+, Whisper Silent Coolin...** 

||||
--:|:--|:--
Current|$659.89|Amazon (New)
High|$901.77|Amazon (New)
Low|$619.99|Amazon (New)
|Average|$659.89|30 Day

[Price History Chart](http://i.imgur.com/ydYEEL7.png) | [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/PriceZombie/wiki/index) 
"
"Yes.  So the question becomes do 63% of Americans fall into this category where they can only work in San Francisco, NYC, and Chicago?  I would argue that the vast majority of this 63% is simply spending all there money on a month to month basis to maintain their lifestyle (which will vary greatly).

My premise is that living paycheck to paycheck for most of these individuals is because they value their standard of living more than the concept of saving money.  There is nothing inherently wrong with this in my opinion.  It's a personal choice.  The other alternative is that miraculously 2/3rd of Americans happen to make exactly the amount of money for the most modest of housing, basic food, and no additional funds for any luxuries.  I think my hypothesis is more likely."
On Nyaa.
He meant the OP.
"Payet at 7.7 is a steal. "
"Robots and aliens, fuckin B)"
Wait... how can he have 50 hours today if there are only 27 people on Earth?
"Run more miles slower.  Build your aerobic system back up with easy runs that are 1minute 30 seconds or so slower than your goal race pace.  Sprinkle in one or two days of week with some intervals or race paced miles to keep the threshold up.  
"
"[No fansub group has claimed](http://i.imgur.com/E21DV4J.png) it yet but I imagine someone will soon because of Funi's delay.

Daisuki's website is under maint for two days so maybe news of their simulcast after that."
"""Please be safe"""
Not a single one.... I searched your ENTIRE history. GG
"CPU Over-voltage 


Have you been OC'ing your CPU?

If so, go back into your BIOS menu and change the vcore voltage. Drop it down.
"
I wouldn't advise this for a few reasons.  1) Permits are not transferable 2) OP is responsible for all tickets 3) Card-restricted lots will be inaccessible.  OP should sell it back to PTS at a prorated amount.  I sold mine back to PTS after a semester and got about $540 credited to my account.
"Lying on an SF-86 is a bad idea. I had people get pulled from my RTC division and DLI (A-school) for getting caught lying on past misconduct. "
"WHat do you mean by not having a license? Lost or didn't have it with him, or it's expired?"
I've already locked all the fusion materials I have so I didn't put them in the list. Is there any reason to keep the light/dark monsters aside from the fact they're harder to get?
"Agreed with the guys who commented before me - but if you're looking for a ""logical"" meaning; when the current big 3 forms of Abrahamic religions (Christianity, Judaism, Islam) began taking a worldwide grip and spreading like wildfire, the previous pagan religions (druid, celtic, mayan, etc) that existed beforehand were basically wiped out because they were considered to be heathens, and the whole concept of praying to multiple gods was replaced by praying to the ""one god"". Even the song title has Biblical connotations, so I've always interpreted it to be Corey's cynical take on Christianity and how, even though it claims to be a peaceful loving religion, it's actually shed more blood than any other, especially since the Crusades. The biggest cause of death in human history has been in the name of God."
Use Radeon Pro to enable it.
I failed because of my CPU. i7 2600K at 4.5GHz...
**Zach Parise**
"I like the Eagles a lot, I hope they can gt their shit together for next year and nail the basics.  "
"""On today's episode we learn how to drive a getaway car!"""
"Cause I know as surely as the sun comes up tomorrow, as soon as I clean it up I will have to ransack and tear the place apart looking for things that are right in front of me but plain refuse to register."
Sarcasm on the internet works so well I can use it whenever I want.
subaru man. is there even a question?
"I mean from your story it sounds like you did change but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. A lot of people change. 

The media and Internet comments aren't really great ways to judge a whole community anyway though. "
"&gt; Another thing you could try is discarding the first thought you have, no matter what. Eventually your instinct could change.

This is good advice and I will be doing this. It's about sculpting my instincts. Thank you.

I have a coach that calls us out or ""buzzes"" us. It helps.
"
Shen has an instant taunt... Tahm's stun requires 3 auto attacks and a Q... how on earth do you not see the parallel?  Shen is instant while Tahm takes works therefore making it more rewarding.
"Basically absolutely tiny material and plankton. Stuff that is very hard to replicate in captivity. If I remember right they also have a tendency to die via powerheads. "
"No, I don't think analytic philosophy is irrelevant.

And I'm a person that despises logical positivism and, in general, prefers what continentals have to say.  I still respect many analytic philosophers.

Ultimately you should sample both and see what you prefer."
"its real, why would someone on youtube lie"
I hope you're right. I couldn't take getting fleeced out of a true #1C
"I lol'd when he started his post with

&gt;I'm not exactly sure where people got the impression that the first piece of true consumer-ready VR was actually going to be cheap tech.

Oculus. We got that impression from Oculus. I'm not exactly sure how he can be not exactly sure about this.
"
This comment is the height of anti-intellectual exaggeration
"Hi there! Your post was removed because it uses the text box. Per [rule 1](/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-), use of the text box is prohibited. You can resubmit your post [here](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true&amp;title=What are great life tips people don't know about?) without the textbox.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"I honestly didn't mean that to sound rude or anything.  I'm in the middle of an immigration debacle; that's made me a bit annoyed with the whole process.  My husband of 14 years lives in another country and doesn't make enough in salary to sponsor me, and he can't come here.  I'm sorry if my irritation with the whole thing came off as attitude. :("
"I always have a soft spot for Karavan
"
ouo
"I've seen this woman a few times at my gym. She comes in and makes sure everyone can see her, and attracts as much attention as possible. Then she uses the bench for step exercises and never washes the bench when shes done. Then she uses the cables like no way I've ever seen. She grabs boths, and jumps back and forth letting the cables fling her around. Then she grabs  medicine ball, stands right behind the power rack, and bounces the fuck out of the thing. After thats done, burpees in the middle of the weight room walkways rather than in the aerobics room or the gym... jeez. "
"If you have time to go a little bit out of your way (10 minutes southwest of Union Station), head to Pilsen. My favorites are La Vaca (sit down restaurant) or Atotonilco - quick service with no booze but so good. Their menu is basically tacos and tortas and not much else. 

Otherwise, I also vote for L'Patron (there might be a line depending on what time you go) or El Cid in Logan Square. "
"**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**

Hi there! Your question has been removed as it looks like you're needing assistance of some sort which violates askreddit's [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-) 

Any post with personal pronouns (I, my, mine) will not be approved. Try different wording.

**Please use one of these subreddits:**

 * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/needadvice or /r/relationship_advice

 * Cant remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue 

 * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. 

Otherwise if these don't fit your needs, check out the [multireddits in our sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/about/sidebar) which cover almost every topic imaginable, thanks!

If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&amp;subject=Help Related Post Review Request&amp;message=My post was removed for being help related, please review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3zsmy9/whats_the_coolest_thing_i_can_do_at_home_right_now/). 


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Usually that works, it could also be the file type, are you exporting as jpg or raw. Whenever I mistakenly upload a raw file to Facebook it comes out distorted. "
Thanks for the advice man. I appreciate it.
"I'm building a website that will accept submissions. I'll take PMs with the same information you see above until then though. "
My favorite too!
"Dude, I was watching rewatching an episode of The Simpsons the other day, you know the one where Marge gets really buff? Yeah, in that episode she [straight up raped Homer.](http://imgur.com/epEEJ5y) Homer said no to sex, Marge said ""I wasn't asking,"" pinned him down and straight up raped him.

No one gave a shit. Everyone thought it was normal, people laughed at that scene, and this show is a family friendly modern snapshot of American culture.

I get it, it's a cartoon, it's a joke, lighten up. I'm not crazy offended, I don't hate The Simpsons. Though it does paint the picture pretty well: If women are raped, it's a tragedy. If men are raped, it's hilarious."
"If you don't mind me asking, what was the project?"
[](/pinkamina) Deleting your steam account...
"""Can I try your glasses on?"""
"First time I heard it was from that dickhead that fucked up the miss universe thing. "
[deleted]
"I'm an Android purists, what can I say?"
"Southern California is a very densely populated area with a lot of socioeconomic variation. It would be helpful if you were more specific about where you were looking to go. In Orange County, base for an RN II in the ED is usually in the mid to high $30s an hour range, a bit more if you go to the more populated parts of LA. Inland Empire seems to have lower wages due to the lower cost of living. Can't really speak for San Diego, have never worked around there. "
[removed]
"
**Seagate Backup Plus Slim 2TB Portable External Hard Drive with 200GB o...**  (6%  price drop)

||||
--:|:--|:--
Current|$79.99|Amazon (New)
High|$149.99|Amazon (New)
Low|$69.99|Amazon (New)
|Average|$84.98|30 Day

[Price History Chart](http://i.imgur.com/N3J3AzV.png) | [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/PriceZombie/wiki/index) 
"
[deleted]
"Yep.  Got it pre-phoebe and had it till a couple weeks ago.  

Didn't do much with it but frag PL and the odd CFC group from time to time."
"Oh damn, I guess you could squeeze a 80mm fan pointed directly at it. oooor you could get a nzxt kraken."
"Yeah it took me six times of quitting until I finally quit, I'm proud of you buddy! STAY THE FUCK AWAY FROM THAT SHIT!"
Wish I was on the other side of that door/window!!
"Tbf, the sound is messed up there and the music got louder than it was when I was said it was good enough for an upload and I'm really hard to hear, so you didn't miss much.

I thought about an intro, but for what I wanted to do I needed some animation skills/someone with those skills. I will look into it though.

When you talk about Pan in-Pan out, is it like they do in the LCS when someone get's a Penta?"
"*Writhes around* N-No! Stop! *Her hand grabs his face but she manages to let go, winding back and slamming a fist into his face* I promised!"
"Let's go boys! Back at home, show the fans what you're made of. "
"God, I love freckles!"
[removed]
[removed]
"To be silly for a moment: this is radical stuff you are bringing to us.  

Really.  Think of it.  

Cancer?  GONE!  

The cure for the common cold?  BEEN THERE DONE THAT!

A former refugee now Prime Minister with a cabinet fully stocked from not-old-stock Canadians?  OH YEAH BABY!

Bid on Princess Di's unmentionables on the dark web?  ....... oh shit was that my inside voice or my outside voice...?

See?  The world's biggest problems are now ""Did u/LowShitSystem take a bite out of the forbidden fruit of r/Canada?""  [THANK YOU FOR BEING A FRIEND.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23GrEhLUF_k)"
"Would you really rather go for the DFGT with no stand, or this wheel  that comes with one? I can't exactly afford new pedals, so I would like to use the pedals that comes with it, and I doubt the DFGT pedals will work well on carpet."
"A Pip-Boy edition of Fallout 4. "
"Before I pressed play, I thought that was Caitlyn Jenner"
"A good team will generally be perennially good, but don't have to overcome much. They'll be a school that has it pretty easy, located in an area with a fairly large population. A good team will have some great years, and some terrible years, but everyone will still know them and they'll always get good recruits, fill their stadium, etc.

WSU doesn't have this. It's a rural college with an enrollment around 35,000 in what some people consider the middle of nowhere. The football team had been pretty much dogshit since the 2003 Holiday Bowl. Then WSU loses their opener to FCS Portland State, and everyone in the country wrote us off. The team battled injuries all season long, but continued to play ball, and incidentally, win games. Washington State won it's first bowl game in 12 years this year, battled through the adversity and never gave up even though the entire country had written them off. A good team can't turn around a season like that, only a great one can. "
Thank you so much! You're the best!
"Honestly, yes. Once truck companies realize they don't have to pay truck drivers, things will probably change rather quickly."
"Those cards, while great for compute tasks, are terrible for gaming."
"Make sure to save copies of these in case he takes them off! "
"That's exactly the point. ""Visiting"" positions exist because there are not enough TT jobs so a lot of PhDs who don't want to give up on academia find themselves in a holding pattern jumping from one VAP to another (or renewing the same one if they are lucky) while they try, try again for a TT."
Oh boy. I thought Torment was bad.
"From my experience it was mainly only Mayfield himself, who we'd mistreat over that whole situation. You're much more likely to get a GOOooOOoo Raiders, Tortilla tossed your way, or Raider--Power chant yelled in your general direction."
"""Nothing"" by Janne Teller."
"I've been playing since year 1, but I'd say I play casually, with a hardcore mindset (I like collecting and doing everything at least once, solo if I can). I love this game, it is great. It's had its bugs and sure sometimes content gets a bit thin, but it's a good game. Most people who are whining about lack of content are probably playing every single day and forgetting there are other things in life to do. It's worth the money and I've put about $700 into it."
"Well, what's unusual is that we didn't blow up a school or hospital. "
"It's just going to take time. Simple as that.

Even distance may not help.  You could never speak to him again and still be feeling like this months from now.  But months after that, probably less so.  Months after that, maybe you have a new boyfriend and find yourself thinking about Jim less than you used to.  Maybe your chest feels less tight when you do think of him.  Months after that you realize it's been several days since you thought of him.  Months after that you realize you've completely moved on.  Then one random day you find out you're in love with someone else.  "
fucked over Spiderman big time.
Never seen ice that thick
"5 workouts, looking for at least an hour apiece, 90 minutes of it fits into my schedule/feel good enough about it. 

I've been consistent with MFP since I started about 11 days ago, so I'll keep up with that, with the activity I'm doing I'm shooting for 2000 calories a day, 1750 on gym rest days!"
"Hilarious. "
"I'm a committed Dota 2 player who has logged roughly 4.5k hours in the game and spent rougly the same amount on in game items, compendiums, etc. Post TI5, I made a decision to extremely reduce and works towards eliminating any more future purchases in Dota 2 until they produce a new LD set. There are a few outstanding sets for LD which have tons of upvots, yet we keep seeing the same heroes over and over. Completely sick of it, not just for LD, but all heroes going through the same struggle. Enough is enough..."
on the artist or the character?
Yes.  You'll likely get money back.
"Yeah, **raises a glass of wine** here's to the forthcoming January update... :/"
"Nah, I know everyone is quick to jump on the I hate Nickleback comment, but I genuinely have never liked anything they've made. Sure I joke about it and what not, I've always hated the concept of only selling music to make money, Nickleback aren't the first group to do so "
It has. Dan has brought it up a few times when people make the comparison to PM.
[deleted]
"Been there. ""Yeah, yeah, your village and its maidens are being ravaged by bandits, I'll get to it.... Right after I finish my bucket sculpture."""
"More anti clinton than Trump. Shows the true motivation of the voters. "
[deleted]
[deleted]
Head. Explosion. CONFIRMED. **Geil!!!**
"I'd suddenly be at an advantage, because women would believe me.

When I tell them the truth -- I am not looking for something serious -- they don't believe me.

They think I am trying to trick them somehow. Into something not serious.

Fucking evil, right?"
"As a bettor, hate the spread on this one. Too many questions on the side of the Steelers. Either we lose big, or we win. Id much rather take the money line as I don't think giving us a TD is going to matter.  Easily think we win the over and lose the under. "
[removed]
"Seriously, if you can recover from chest attachment points like that, I feel totally better that I can overcome my higher than average ones also. That is some insane work OP, excellent job."
"[Here's her Instagram post](https://www.instagram.com/p/BAdSR-bpBj9/), apparently Mal was going to look like this."
"And feelings are OK to have, just don't feed them if they don't deserve to be fed.
"
"OP I went to the website but its down.  
and http://www.isitdownrightnow.com/ does not seem to give me any info on it.  
Did you go the website?  
Did you see anything?   
  
However https://whois.domaintools.com/x.com tells us that the domain is registred and active.  
Edit: grammar"
"Good to hear man. A positive environment for any particular aspect of life is important to progress in it-- I'd say the same goes for, say, studying or career life. Possible without it? Sure. Probably and easy? Hell no."
"Go to areas that interest you, look at buildings, talk to the manager explaining who you are and what you want. Often there is some wiggle room on pricing."
"Hey .. Yeah sure add me up.. Im up for anything, even raids.. Given time permits."
307 lock trying to get some gear
"Yeah, pretty much.

~~Go megaman8662~~"
"i gotta know what she's hiding on her forehead. every pic is the same weird curvy solid-bangs. "
"Let me go to a test world to see if I understand your description of that setup. Either way right now my crystallizers are running continuously (until I run out of charcoal, but that's a bottleneck that'll be fixed once I rebuild the farm)"
what?
"That's what I'm doing now, I'm here to help too :P "
[Obligatory](http://www.fangraphs.com/blogs/lets-consider-eric-gregg-and-livan-hernandez-in-the-1997-nlcs/)
"they didn't quit though they just quit teaming. "
LLLLLLLLETS GET READY TO ~~RRRRUMMMMBLEEEE~~ DADCORE
"[Stopping at your place](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Altamonte+Springs,+FL/Madisonville,+KY/Bradley+University,+1501+W+Bradley+Ave,+Peoria,+IL+61625,+USA/@34.5444752,-89.9803504,6z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m20!4m19!1m5!1m1!1s0x88e7716e03894b71:0x19ecc2741b13c79f!2m2!1d-81.3656242!2d28.6611089!1m5!1m1!1s0x886ffe5cb43063b1:0xb7ae4482689fd9a7!2m2!1d-87.4988882!2d37.3281005!1m5!1m1!1s0x880a5947add91f81:0xf6351a199233588f!2m2!1d-89.6160181!2d40.6981432!3e0)

[Not stopping at your place](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Altamonte+Springs,+FL/Bradley+University,+1501+W+Bradley+Ave,+Peoria,+IL+61625,+USA/@34.5444752,-90.0773005,6z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m13!4m12!1m5!1m1!1s0x88e7716e03894b71:0x19ecc2741b13c79f!2m2!1d-81.3656242!2d28.6611089!1m5!1m1!1s0x880a5947add91f81:0xf6351a199233588f!2m2!1d-89.6160181!2d40.6981432)"
"Well it doesn't have eyeballs, so it's probably passed on as well ;)"
"Thank you! Left a 5 star rating on amazon! "
"Motherboard: F2A55-M/M11BB/DP_MB
CPU: AMD A10-6700 3.70GHz.
GPU: R7 260X
RAM: 8GB DDR3
PSU: TR2 600W 

If I'm missing something let me know and I'll figure it out lol"
"2006 Jeep Grand Cherokee, 147,481
"
Pokabou
Well if they still keep to the one patch a month policy this game will be dead yesterday.
"Oh sure.  They're not not pack animals, so they don't have the worshipful attitude toward the alpha animal like dogs have, but they definitely have the cat version of that.  As best as we can tell, it's kind of a combination of how they look at their mama when they're kittens (domesticated cats are kind of in a perpetual kittenhood in many ways, otherwise they would not stick around), and as another cat, who they will alternately snuggle with and ignore. "
"If the plan was to stretch it, they wouldn't have condensed 2 books into one season, which they basically did. "
big*
it is both
"Chinadoll at Shanghai is doing Bowie karaoke this Saturday "
At least he does you the service of doing it for you.
Isn't it pretty clear that she changes her views depending on the political climate? In 2008 she was also vehemently against same-sex marriage.
Happy Cake Day!
"I forget which version added the feature, but as long as you've upgraded to the latest version, you have it. Basically move the cursor over Melee, press B to go into the game settings, and toggle ""Unlock read speed"" on. You also want to turn on Native Control as having it off will not track GameCube controller inputs properly, primarily for shield dropping.

Note that unlocking the read speed can cause the stage music to not load by the time a match starts. There are probably other bugs that arise from doing this but I could be wrong."
"Seriously... korean women are the most beautiful women on the planet. hands down. 

I need to bring my bbq skills and open up a spot in korea..."
"Oh absolutely! 

Also come join us at /r/devils"
That's a faux hawk. Been around for decades.
[deleted]
I think they look pretty cool...
"Turning the other cheek when someone hits me is one proposition, turning my eyes when he hits someone else is another."
"yeah, I mean if the libertarian party becomes more economically orthodox, more like the ""fiscal conservatives."""
"True but let's face it, that is how Anet rolls now.

Joko is basically a human problem, and an Elonian one at that. It doesn't help that he's more of a comical character (however evil and powerful), who would therefore be a side/raid thing at best rather than the focus of an expansion. Chances are we side WITH him again, at least until Kralk is dealt with."
"Probably won't in hopes of getting another team soonish. "
"Focus on the overall and don't obsess over little things, and recognize when something is a little thing instead of blowing it out of proportion."
"Unless you have power of attorney or something similar the answer is no.

She would however be your tenant and would have all the rights that come along with that. I would recommend getting a written agreement  (i.e. a lease) about what she is going to pay to live their in case of an argument.

Morally, I'm sure if your mother needs help you will do your best."
"&gt;So i think you are saying a couple would still be considered married under god even if the state decided otherwise?

Yes, if marriage was outlawed tomorrow all those people would still be considered married by the church.

The Catechism doesn't merely explain scripture. It includes scripture and tradition, beliefs we've held since before the gospels were ever written on paper. They were written in scripture because we believed them not the other way.

However, [this page](http://www.catholicmissionleaflets.org/marriage.htm) lays out a lot of the scriptural points."
"He was the coach of Enemy, who are close to being a top 4 NA team (Not counting LG). It was not a ""random NA team""."
She's going to love this!  Thank you.
"
Your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags. [Please read the FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/sex/wiki/index) for more information.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/sex) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
You set yourself up for this one
Good. Fuck Stan Kroenke. In the ass. With a pineapple.
What's A5? Milspec?
Camping is half the fun!
"I thought it was fun, but would be better with friends."
Why would they blow up all them fuel units!?!?!?11/11?
"XPost Subreddit Link: /r/HatFilms 

Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/Hatfilms/comments/40p6bt/so_in_case_anyone_missed_it_heres_smith_breaking/"
It got one.  The ground game that is.
"Says it all really, in the scheme of the US's size. "
hubby brought home veggie fajitas for me.  nom nom nom.
"100% agree. I think DLaw looked a whole lot bigger, physically, this year as well. "
Do you have access to binoculars? My advice would be to find them using that first.
[deleted]
"&gt; What happened to this city is people like you.

god damn this is true. i swear all the new people transplanting here are the cause of all the problems they like to bitch about. "
"###Please review the [Posting Guidelines](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/wiki/postingguidelines#wiki_posting_guidelines)

&gt;**The following submissions/posts will be removed:**

&gt;* **Joke submissions**

&gt;These are submissions which are only posted for laughs. They include freeze-frames of silly faces, meme-based content and videos. Repeated offenses could result in a ban on posting submissions. This includes but is not limited to: Memes, Comics, Satire, Reactions, Gifs, Screenshots.

Alternatively:

* Many in this category could be appropriately posted in the **Trash Talk Thursday thread**.
* Other subs, such as **/r/nflcirclejerk** and **/r/nfffffffluuuuuuuuuuuu** are designed for this kind of content.
* Posts such as these could be appropriately posted in an existing thread on the topic. 

*User feedback is the best way to help improve this sub, so please don't hesitate to [send us a message](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fnfl), if you have any questions on the rules, or how they are applied.*"
Bizarre. Where abouts do you live if you don't mind me asking? I don't think I've ever heard anyone say that outloud. lol
"hellur

it u"
[removed]
Yes!
they tried already. they stopped after public outcry.
What does that have to do with her music though? And I'm very aware of what she looks like. She is a very cute girl.
"It's not banned in 'Murica. And let's be honest, GTA's key market from GTA3 onward was always in the U S of A."
Troll somewhere else.
"damn that does sound like it would destroy reaper expand lol. I'm gonna have to try it out "
"Wtf that's it? Then why are people even saying stuff like ""don't worry its protected by RG.....""
"
every bit of you is perfect. And hot. You're very hot
Until the hivemind magnetic polarization switches and dynamic queue is seen through the lens of 95% of the ranked population rather than NA challenger.
"This guy is not a guy. "
"""Socialists: with their public ownership of production and whatnot – so scary."""
I didn't think the Eagles could do a comeback until I heard this song.
"Be careful now, dont want to go over the edge of the world. "
"Seriously. I went through some deep painful stuff a few years ago and every single day was a question of whether I was going to off myself or not. It was a literal struggle to not hurl myself from out of a 12 story window. I have three children, who were very young at that time. Sometimes, the knowledge that A. They didn't see me as some worthless sack of dog logs, and B. that I would damage them permanently in an unfixable way, was enough to get me not to do it. 

I'm doing better now, still FA, still not a perfect picture of mental health. But better. Now, my goal in life is to acquire at least one property per child to pass on to them. I want them to have a head start in life. If they already own something valuable, then nobody can throw them out on the street. They will be able to get a running jump on building wealth, and god willing, pass on even more to my grandkids. 

Of course, I still suck at saving up money, but I'm learning all I can about how to make this goal a reality. 

BetaYouThanMe, I love how you are teaching your son social skills. That is very useful and awesome. Who knows what cool things you can teach him- or hire someone else to teach him. Kids are a great reason to live! "
"There's kids I haven't seen since the 5th grade which would be 25 years at this point. 

I wonder what they're up to.

So yeah, it's okay to wonder what people I've had my dick in on multiple occasions are up to."
"There is a moratorium on team help threads when there is a megathread up. Please post your question to the megathread.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PuzzleAndDragons) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
A [Cecilia Jiménez](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02318/Spanish_pensioner__2318212a.jpg) da fraude médica.
"Somewhat related, I am very  interested to see how OPPD will react when renewables are more feasible in Nebraska. The power companies in California and other areas are already duking it out to keep making their dime. "
"I'm on the 10 year list from what I've been told by the police/court people. It must have been district court, It was the one in the city anyway. 

As below though, even with a spent conviction it's the googling that hits me. I've been avoiding changing my name as there's a million different issues around that for me, but it's the only practical way forward in the long term I think. Way too complicated to explain why I didn't want to do it, but I think realistically I've exhausted all the other options I can think of. "
"It accomplished absolutely nothing. Nothing for the angry outburst from the kid living in his mom's basement, or the person he was harassing.

Given Frontier doesn't do much for *cheaters*, I wouldn't expect reporting harassment would lead to much, either.

But it certainly doesn't do anything when posted here."
"He tends to dream lucidly, shaping his dream-worlds to his heart's desire. Though usually his desires in his dreams are quite odd, and he wonders why he did what he did in the morning."
League of lulz
/r/Rocketleague is leaking
makes me wanna start skating again
"Quite amusing, but two quick points.

""Moody"", Bary Crouch Jr., did teach Dark Arts to a small extent with the unforgivable curses, although he wasn't actively encouraging students to use them of course, just wanted them to understand them.

Also, they were working with some pretty intense stuff in Herbology at times that was actually quite dangerous. Professor Sprout deserves quite a bit of credit for keeping things safe when working with such dangerous things."
"I'm going to say good luck man, but there really aren't too many valuable cards in the list.  I don't even know if the singles by themselves would reach 60.  My advice would be to sell off the valuable cards like [[purphoros, god of the forge]] and [[gratuitous violence]] as singles.  I think you'll have better luck turning some cash that way"
"Next you need to make a ""How to keep your cat from interrupting your videos in 5 hours and 15min!"""
"If it were just skin that wouldn't be an issue, but what a lot of people are forgetting / haven't mentioned is mucus membranes; any large orifice on your body has them, and lead can and will be absorbed through those membranes. Kids taking baths like to splash, go under the water, and in general horse around... the contaminated water is going to get in. 

The other thing too, lead is not safe in any quantity. It replaces calcium in your body, bonds to your hemoglobin, preventing transport of dissolved gasses... The less in your body, the better."
"I tend to agree that Khan should win a rematch. The only thing that concerns me (having recently watched the fight back) was that khans power seemed to do nothing for Danny at all. Despite being outboxed, he never looked hurt to me. I can see him walking khan down and GARSHing him in the later rounds- skill aside, not sure if khan has the power to keep him off. Garcia's chin/ endurance is underrated. It's not just about khans bad chin, its about Garcia's good chin too. I think that gets overlooked when people talk about this fight"
"I don't do siege anymore but I'll ask around in guild. 

I was just suggesting that maybe you went up against our guild. Or another guild with a smithy upgraded."
[removed]
"Poach the chicken breast. 

I've yet to find a method that consistently leaves a chicken breast juicier."
"Command-Z

If used immediately it works. Not sure how it fares after 5-10 minutes as I don't think I've tried it after that long but I don't see why it won't."
"Way too transparent in her lies. "
"I'm gonna sound like I'm nit-picking but you're making a mistake that's all too common when talking about peak oil. It's not that oil itself runs out, but rather demand outstrips production. One issues is a question about available supply, the other is about rates of production and it's an important distinction."
"Z7 Imp is in the game without preorder, you just get him instantly when you do. "
"Your argument is as evidence-based as ""women who report rape have to be believed.""  Noone here can produce a single peer-reviewed study to back their assertion that the media CAUSE man-hatred.  The fact is, noone knows.  All I am hearing are 12-year-old emo-arguments which sound like they're coming directly from Anita Sarkeesian. "
"Doesn't it say that ""Dad would like this"" which could imply that he would if he was still alive, or that he is still alive and would just like it. There's a lot of grey area on the first pokemon games."
I thought gear was purely cosmetic
"Wow man that's so impressive, no shotcaller is so instant. I mean when someone had no flash he used his godlike shotcalling abilities to decide the player without flash should be the next target... just wow, so fucking good."
"Possibly a volcanologist. 

This is a real word an I love it."
"Sorry, all out of unleaded."
I would greatly appreciate/absolutely love a beta key for ps4. No worries if nothing happens 😊
"Honestly I think you overuse UF. UF is at most slight ahead of PE, but that depends highly on fight times. Using PE is not only easier because it doesn't change how you play for the most part, but having UFl as part of your rotation can make it much harder to maintain 2x EF 1x UFl flame shocks. In addition, you lose the on-demand movement speed buff because you're pressing UFl off CD. Overall I just don't think it's worth it.

Also for Kilrogg I'm not sure if I agree with SET. Flame shock continues ticking while you're gaining the buff, slowly ramping up. It also does crazy damage while you're upstairs. I wish I could sim it but I'd be willing to bet that EF would pull ahead. It is important to note, however, that regardless of what you pick you keep searing totem down while you have the buff, it's currently bugged and is doubledipping"
"Cool, that is very interesting to know, thanks!"
"It's actually C-a-G-F 

People gripe, but that progression has been in Western Music since the Baroque era. "
"I used to just get 6 pentakills per game so the devourer enchantment was gold efficient, but I guess it's harder with the new respawn timers"
"good, im sick of hearing about it. "
"I have 4 jerseys from there. 2 MLB, 1 NFL, and 1 Germany Soccer jersey. MLB ones are all perfect, NFL is a B+ and my soccer jersey is A+. My friend has about 20 jerseys and they are all fine. NHL ones are all perfect. Basically you can't tell the difference to the untrained eye. Definitely worth the price difference. Basically they buy the same materiels and hire the sweatshop down the street to sew it up. I have no complaints about aliexpress and they have great customer service. "
"I think a lot of people forget that being a tourney-level player is different from being decent at the game. I have a friend who got bodied at our most recent regional, but is still good at the game, and understands concepts like punishing, spacing, footsies, anti-air, and others. Being able to reliably FADC or hit confirm is essential if you want to take on skilled players, but when you think about Street Fighter's origins as a couch/arcade game with other non-tourney friends, you realized you're better than you thought.

Doesn't change getting bodied online though, but there are sharks in those waters. "
"I think it could get slightly bigger. Oscar Isaac has now become a huge selling point for the movie. Deadpool could be popular enough to make it bigger. Also, a cast of up and comers (sophie turner and tye sheridan) mixed with established talents. However, it could be slightly less due to a lack of Mckellan, Stewart, and Jackman. Basically, Apocalypse will be in the same ballpark maybe more maybe less."
"The main problem i have is that you can sub in someone in like fufu and hai but you have to take players for a week. On sites where you pay and where you can actually win money you pick just ""C9 Support"" so you dont loss points when they sub someone. 

And i really want to have this in the Riot fantasy league aswell."
So is it reasonable to assume we will be spending right up to the cap when the time comes?
"When I go to the gym, I always have my headphones.... I concentrate more on the music and what exercise I'm doing.  

I go during hours that aren't too busy and try to go with someone (my brother and SIL belong to the same gym, so I try to meet up w/one of them)

I like to do 30mins cardio (I like the elliptical or bike)/then 30mins of weights/weight machines and then find a quiet spot to stretch.

My therapist suggested that I take a martial arts class...its good exercise and helps you build confidence and help you feel that you can protect yourself( I have PTSD from a physically/sexually abusive relationship).... I haven't done it yet but I thought that was a great idea. A dance class could be fun too

I also love going for walks/hikes....walking around a nice/safe area, focusing on the scenery and how warm/cold it is etc helps clear my mind.

I've noticed that with any exercise, I always feel so much better after....I have days when I don't want to go to the gym/don't want to leave my house unless I HAVE to....but once I force myself to do it, I never regret it"
I main sheild archer.
Dunhill? The things I would do for Dunhill. Erinmore is $83NZD
"designing for earthquakes is a major concern for a geographically active area like norcal.

[japan implemented a system that stops a train when it senses an earthquake](http://www.railway-technology.com/features/feature122751/). also, designing the rails/structures to withstand the earthquake itself is pretty important. "
"What are you, a wikipedia bot?"
Awesome I can't wait!
Was running on a trail with some other guys from my platoon before work today. We came a cross a dude who ate it on his bike. had to bandage his head up and offered to take him to the hospital but he didn't have insurance so i just took him home. I feel bad i couldn't do more for the guy. Im like 95% sure he had a concussion .
Cast or the forged EZs? I'd be happy if I could get that price out of my 4-GW cast EZs
"A beginning starts with an interesting character in an interesting world with an interesting problem. Any beginning that misses one of those six aspects, where it lacks both an interesting character or a character all together really needs to have the rest of the writing pick up that slack or the story falls apart. Any backstory or information dump that doesn't progress this character with that problem in their world doesn't really belong in the first fifty pages.

I hold my time and my money as valuable commodities. No one really has either to waste on something that doesn't fulfill the need they have that they want filled while they are reading. People today can be doing almost literally everything. There has never been more media available. I want the beginning of the book to value what I have to spare as much as I do. I think people should really go to their favourite books and write down all the plot that happens in the book's first fifty pages and then go back to their own beginning and do the same. 

When I'm reading a book by an author I love, by the time I get to the end of those fifty pages, the story is in full swing. I know the world, the character, the plot, the problem, the stakes and the character is actively in their way to solving the problem in the first 8% of the story that those fifty pages represent.

If done correctly, there's no wrong way to start a book. If done wrong, there are millions of ways to mess it up. But starting with a character in a place with a problem that engages me is all I want. "
"That's really cool that his wife/gf/waifu let's him do this!  "
"He should thank you for a nice long drive. Don't worry about it, airport drives can be long, he knows that."
"Especially if you're likable enough for him to say, ""You should be my companion when all this passes!"""
"Fuck you and your monkey bar criticism "
"Actually she posted it on her instagram but removed it very quickly after. However this being the internet, it will never be fast enough."
"Dm7 to Amaj7
It's the chords to Porcelain - Red Hot Chili Peppers
"
HOLY CRAP! I WANT ALL OF THIS!!!!
"Boost is a little off, but they're nice!"
"I don't really feel like running down the ""it logically follows"" hypothetical rabbit hole, but an accusation isn't proof (as people are so keen to say about rape these days) and as many, many, many other people have pointed out, most of this material is common shit, people you hear saying all the time. Like a jazz standard, you aren't stealing it by playing it publicly with your own slant. 

No, that's not necessarily what that means. Maybe the other half is more interesting or compelling, but what I said doesn't make it definitively true the other way.

You seem to be hanging on my words as absolutes for some reason. George Carlin was an incisive social commentator. He also made jokes about looking at a dog's asshole as it farts. Comedians can have a wide range of subject matter and points of view contained within their stage persona. In case it's not clear yet, what I'm getting at is that Schumer can make jokes like the one you quoted and also fulfill the label I put on her (which isn't exclusively my opinion either, it's kind of why she's so famous)."
Omg that Babylon sounds Brazziliant ! Sign me up! 40/60 3mg! Mmmmm
"Because japan. "
"Interesting........read :) "
"Not to my knowledge.  You'd think there would be enough of a ""niche market"" of people who would draw on a banner dedicated to the less-cloudy characters on the roster.

Things like that, and events where you CAN'T use characters that have 5* in a particular skill, would be a good way to ""artificially extend gameplay"" and encourage the use of unsung heroes."
"and then NA, with less than 25k normally, gets more content than EU which has more than 100k on good days."
[removed]
Okay that makes sense. Thank you very much.
"You can blame SolarWinds and Harte Hanks for the bulk of that, though they're not alone. There's just been too many times I've had to block email from regular companies because unsub links, phone calls, and FCC complaints did nothing to stop them from trying to reach me. I get at least 3 calls per day from someone wanting to sell me something and too many emails doing the same. If my contact info wasn't very valuable then I wouldn't be getting so many calls and emails."
I'd love to try the avocado. Haven't gotten into building yet and this would be perfect.
"I actually like those lanes for myself, too. I don't need to stare at a bunch of candy while I wait to check out! "
"People ITT: Not realizing this is just a Chicago PD problem. 

Stop claiming all departments/officers are like this"
"Software RAID 6 is your problem. Also, you're sure that your storage traffic is actually leaving the 10Gb interface?"
I just bought a Z3 based on my great experience with the Z2. Is there an issue with stamina mode on the Z3?
"Sorry for no responding for so long, exams etc. :)
So, thx for all the answers and advices. I've built Sobek, it's pretty cool, but I can't get the syndicate mod for it yet.
Where do I get aura mods actually? I've got only one so far (Sniper Scavenger).
I'm trying to collect all the mods you mentioned, I already had most of them, now I've to upgrade them. My biggest problem with playing Saryn now is that I'm too squishy, but maybe it's just because I've player Rhino earlier."
"I'm just surprised they don't have the spouses, bffs/ hair stylists, etc, who are privy to the hot intel sign NDAs along with the filming release. Why not? Even if they have to pay them some paltry amount in order to have consideration for their silence, it seems worth it to me."
"Well, to be specific I was talking about the communities on console and PC as a whole. I should have clarified that. "
Sounds good.
Why would is not be legal?
"I have never seen a wing I would consider ""plump"". There's never more than like, a bite of meat on it."
I only believe the video game and fapping part.
"It's another bullshit excuse considering the costumes, but now they admit it was censored due to outside influence. If they do stick with this though, watch the costumes be censored for the international release as well."
Thanks. This theory is awesome.
[deleted]
"I want to piggyback here because I relate a lot to what you said about losing a culture and group. 
To me, gaming and being a ""gamer"" was my identity. For a very very long time. Gaming was more of me, than any semblance of sincere confidence or individuality. I was a gamer. 
It's not easy to turn away from it. Have faith and believe that there is a better version of you that is not necessarily a gamer.

Good luck!"
"You're correct. It's meant to be layered for sure, so I love it on cold winters.

I don't think it's large per se, though. It can be form fitting with a sweater on"
*This time* things are gonna be different! /s
"Beautiful.
"
"[Not OP, but I made this one for you.](http://imgur.com/vRrFK12)"
"But wouldn't it be fairly easy to sell it to shareholders if you say something like ""although we can just settle and pay this one patent troll $1 million today, next year there will another and the year after another. If we gain a reputation of making it difficult for patent trolls to get a payout from us, even if it costs us $5 million this one time in legal fees, we will save money after 5 years"""
"In my opinion, your comparison to the US dollar is irrelevant unless you can capitalize on it.

Ex. If you had $40,000 CAD back a few years where the dollar was on par, and traded it for $40k USD, switched it now for $60k CAD and spent $39k CAD on the car, then you got a deal. 

If you bought the car now and earn money currently in CAD, you give up the same amount of salary as you would back in 2011. So the US price doesn't matter because your purchasing power was lowered accordingly to begin with. You're just lucky that MB isn't charging you $50k CAD for the base CLA yet."
"I do it because it's better than carrying a mini hookah places. "
[deleted]
Didn't they just get the best free agent pitcher on the market last season win Scherzer?
Thought they sounded great! Especially the new tunes!
"They really need to balance him though honestly. One shoting my Alex in Colo is not ok. "
I'd like to phone a friend
he wanted to say CLG and said C9
"Some thoughts-

manju is amazing at 3

spirit of the tailwind would be great!

whirlwind weasel can often be a dead draw

upstart isn't needed, this can be a 40 card deck

shallow grave CAN be slow, don't know how good it is, haven't drawn it too much.

petalelf could be replaced by quaking mirror force, even though petalelf is searchable, it wastes a valuable ns

foolish might help

That's all I remarked."
Give birth. My mom did it once
"Also very entertained that they drastically reduced the CD on Johanna's Falling Sword... and explained it by saying ""refer to our above philosophy regarding ults"". 

Um...? "
"That thing overheats sometimes and I need to have a back up plan 
"
"Agreed but that is why I stated that this was simple for premium. That doesn't account for any other NCoin purchases. If you include that then yes it wouldn't be accurate. I was simply trying to show the cost of the membership alone through this method. It would be, of course, easier to just charge $12 a month for a membership."
Tying my own shoes. They always untie so quickly
"Imagine the Government as being your dad and you live in his house. Now your dad says that whatever money you earn, you have to give him a percentage of it for living in his house, not as rent but just a percentage because he allows you to live in his house. 

You have a computer repair business and you get $4,000 every month from it and he takes 25% of it so you have to give him $1000 every month. But then your neighbour comes to you and says he can give you drugs to sell at a high rate so you start doing it and you get $10,000 from it every month. Now you could just keep the money in your bank (your mum) but she can tell your dad that you've been depositing 10,000 every month in your account without telling him then they will start inquiring about the source of this income and when they know its because of drugs, you are sent to jail. So what you do is you tell your dad that business is blooming now and that you now get $14,000 every month from it.

He will say that now you have to give him $3,500 every month which you will happily do because you don't want to go to jail. 


EDIT 1: Short story, I knew of a guy who was a teacher who gave private lessons to hundreds of students and he got a shit ton of money from that. But it counts as income and income is taxed in my country. So he kept it in his house and did not declare it at all. But then the police started inquiring about him and he knew he would get into trouble so he had to do something. He went around the country (small country) and he looked for lottery ticket winners. then he bought their winning ticket valued at $1million for $1.2million and they happily agreed cause they were dumb and suddenly he had $1million tax free money (lottery was not taxed) and he had to pay $200K on that instead of $350k in taxes and possible jail time for all that undeclared money. So yea, he gave people dirty money and got their clean money instead. "
"Did you not read the post? He's not my significant other, he's my ex. "
"I'm just saying, he did use the term feminist correctly, even if he may have had ulterior motives in its use."
I can't say I've ever had this experience while using Robinhood?
He's not ungrateful. His parents ignored the fact that he's suicidal. Pretty cunty.
"""That"" world would be our world."
"Areas in Bloodborne are very well designed, i'd say even more than Dark Souls 1. The *world* design, on the other hand, is not so good. It's much better than Dark Souls 2 (locations actually make sense geographically, and you can spot some areas before you even reach them) but there is a lot of dead ends, though i guess that could really not be avoided much, considering Bloodborne has an immense percentage of optional areas, as well as some areas that simply wouldn't make sense to be flawlessly connected into the world.

I guess you'll see what i'm talking about once you get to play it."
"Nearly 2 months, one 20 mg capsule in the morning per day."
http://healthcare.utah.edu/burncenter/
"I've yet to find an OS X user, who isn't also a BSD user, who knows how to use the commandline in it. 

OS X is good, but barely anyone understands why and how it actually works."
"Yes, and you see the elderly costs trend upwards everywhere. They only explode in the United States."
"Ok great, thanks!"
Looks like The Donald found his VP
"Flight assist off works wonders. Go blue zone turn, get momentum, then drop flight assist until you align with target, then FA back on. Just be careful doing it in RES, as with FA off, it tends to slide onwards in the direction you were going when it disengaged. Can slam into 'roids pretty easily if not careful.

But as other people said, some ships just aren't terribly nimble. Viper Mk4 and Cobra Mk4 are the heavier version of their Mk3 counterparts, and don't turn as well."
"Don't trust any raffles man. "
"**Rabbit Junk**  
 [artist pic](http://img2-ak.lst.fm/i/u/252/f4f3baba5edc4a5d8e89d1d1b7f1e043.png)  

&gt; Rabbit Junk entered the world in 2004 with a self recorded, self titled full length. Originally recorded as a demo, the rough production and male/female vocal trade off appealed to fans of Atari Teenage Riot and front man JP Anderson's previous project, The Shizit. Fans demanded the release of the album in CD format, and Anderson obliged, not altering the production and keeping the record true to its original form. Rabbit Junk got the immediate attention of Metal Hammer Magazine who graced the debut with a 9/10. The album sold through its first pressing while only being available from Rabbit Junk's own web store. The success of the release encouraged Anderson to release the next Rabbit Junk album, ReFrame, in the same manner. Self released in '06, ReFrame ushered in the use of even more diverse influences, ranging from black metal to classical to hiphop. The album's success lead to a deal with Detroit based Full Effect Records, who promised Anderson 100% creative control and support in his continuing endeavor to explore new territory in the world of extreme music. From there, Anderson sought to focus his far flung influences, and began working on what would become the most ambitious Rabbit Junk album yet This Life Is Where You Get Fucked... . Arranged in three sections, each section drawing from a specific set of musical and emotional influences, This Life... would become controversial amongst the Rabbit Junk fan base and ruffle the feathers of Metal's more orthodox patrons. During late '08 and into '09, Rabbit Junk began incrementally releasing an MP3 follow up to This Life...cryptically titled Project Nonagon. Nonagon picks up where This Life...left off, continuing each section by a further 3 tracks and refining Anderson's original vision. Anderson has insisted that Project Nonagon be available for free to the public and web radio. Visit www.rabbitjunk.com/nonagon/nonagon.htm to grab your free tracks! Read more on Last.fm.

 [last.fm](http://www.last.fm/music/Rabbit+Junk): 40,484 listeners, 1,196,928 plays  
 tags: *digital hardcore, industrial, industrial metal, Hardclash, electronic*  

^^Please ^^downvote ^^if ^^incorrect!  ^^Self-deletes ^^if ^^score ^^is ^^0."
"*Violet's eyes darted between the two boys infront of her, as she slowly reached up to grab another piece of the pancake, sitting back down and chewing quietly.* ""Get it working like it should?"" *She asked, her head tilting to the side as she asked,* ""How?"" 

[/u/Nightshot]"
The logical side?
I like unions in theory but it's been my experience they seem to help shitty employees.  I wonder if that guy who the hospital hired had more skills than your dad's friend.
"Since breast milk is good to be reheated twice, I'd say it's fine. It's not like rice is going to start breeding bacteria quickly. Milk is way more likely to 'go bad' before the rice would. "
"* (TAB) Stealth, 36 Seconds
* (1) Shuriken Flurry, 12 Seconds
* (2) Strawdoll, 12 seconds

Strawdoll is the actual counter. Stealth is the flashbang, with instant escape and Shuriken Flurry is a recovery."
Excellent singing dude!
So that thing is basically as big as a car?
[removed]
I'm not sure if hospitals per capita is all that  useful of a metric for comparing countries.  How big are German hospitals?  Do they employ more people compared to Americans hospitals?  How about doctors per capita or health worker per capita?  That sounds like a better metric.
"The more I look at the buildings in background the more it looks like a part of Leeds called Richmond Hill "
"It was hard to take it seriously when they had Jim Ross and Jerry ""The King"" Lawler doing games."
"The cheese I got was great, mixed really well with some blues as well for a smooth high that gets you gone but it doesn't knock you out "
[deleted]
"Well, damn. I've been using the wrong term this whole time? *facepalm*"
they are only looking good cause they are playing in NA i'm silver 3 EUW and could look good in NA LCS ... CLOWN FIESTA
"Divorce seems to be the answer to a lot of things on Reddit today. "
"I think that I would enjoy meeting him on the Lei Tai.  I do not think that the feeling would be mutual. "
"Yes it does. You have to be covered by an ED even if you are uninsured. And most EDs will not charge uninsured people or if they do they generally don't send debt collectors after them. It's why hospitals generally end up receiving only 30% of what they bill for.

And keep in mind this is only referring to 8% of the population. A number that continues to fall. So most of your criticism falls on the old pre ACA system. No doubt this won't fall to 0, but it's going down.

For the 93% of Americans that do have insurance, they get the complete coverage you speak of."
"My favorite is VMware,  I've also messed around with Virtualbox and QEMU"
[deleted]
You are making me not want kids....
"Why is it ""milder""? Because it's about Whitey?"
What happened on the 15th December?
"I'm super happy we're downvoted for being CrossFitters. That's nice. Whatever haha. "
"Be yourself isn't good advice when you are an awkward, hormonal adolescent."
"I came back for another laugh and noticed that I forgot to answer one of your ""points"". If you actually knew how to play the game you would know when the spawns are flipping, I used to cry about it too but I actually realized my mistakes and fixed them."
"I signed up for a family plan. You can share it out with 5 people and they get the same features as the main plan. I pay for an exchange account separately.  

If you don't have a family then a business premium license would probably be the best option. "
You will be in my thoughts.  My son is in the AF.   It is hard to be a military mom (parent).    So hard.
"Don't refill while he's still there! Wait for him to finish his nap, leave, and then refill. Chubby little bastard doesn't like to be disturbed. "
"Try being born in 89 with siblings born 71, 75, and 77. I don't know where the hell I fit in. Technically Gen X as far as generations actual go, I guess? My parents were boomers, but I was part of the generation that were kids when the internet came out and were pre-teens for Y2K and such. I don't think it's fair to categorize us with the kids just now graduating who were born in the 90's just the same as I was born in the 80's."
"If you got your G5 in November it should last till about Feb. You should have received two transmitters with your system, 1 tx lasts 3 months, they give you two to equal 6months of total use time, matching the G4 transmitter life.  They are supposed to shut off at three months, the G4s lasted ""6"" months, but often went 7-8 months and Dexcom was losing a lot of expected bi yearly income. So in came the auto shut off. 

edit:spelling"
Price for p90 and mp7? also do you have screens of the kara marble?
"Philip &amp; Martina Chubb. Google ""Mindful Mover""."
" He's also playing less than 30 mpg, per 26 is within his Normal all-star #s"
"By the time I was 60 I was 315 engineering 300 mining. Plus, it's hard to solo as an assassination rogue back then, or at least time consuming, so DEing would have been inefficient. 

What I find great is people hit 60, and all look at their professions and go ""how can I turn this into money"". Everyone had some way :)"
What exists in a moment?
[deleted]
"That could be it, I haven't been too well lately. I know it's only a dog but just thought was strange!"
"I have read this on the main page and it disheartens me. If i was hacked through my own stupidity then so be it, the fact my other account remains with the same password and with no attempts to remove it's items makes me believe it wasn't."
Too perfect.
"""Any colder and it'll be thicker than yer damn skull!"""
"Baby finds way to get his stomach pumped with this one weird trick!

Parents hate him!"
"We're sorry, but the title of your post is in violation of our rules. You had ""[W] Offers"" in your title.

You must set a realistic price or an item for which you would instantly trade for every item you buy, sell, or trade here. For items that won't be traded one-to-one, you must set a specific number (i.e. 60 keys, $45 PayPal). You may still ask for offers. If you are selling a number of items, you may set a bulk buyout for all of them. If you have set a buyout and your post is still being removed, please resubmit with a different title.
    
New items added to the game won't require such a price (therefore you can ask for offers in this case), but only until one week after the first set of those items become tradable (CST/CDT will be the time zone used to determine when this window ends). If you were trying to do this, and you feel this removal was an error, please contact us at the link given below after this message.
    
Please also take this time to [examine our rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade/wiki/rules) for future reference.

If you intend to contact us about this action (or any other ones), please ensure that you have read this comment in its entirety (making sure to read through any relevant links) and make sure you grasp a full understanding of what it means *before* contacting us.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Or just let people in. Someone with a DSLR isn't going to be any more obnoxious than someone waving an iPad around trying to get a photo.  

One of my friends contacted them (after I tried but never heard back), and they couldn't even expand on their reasoning. ""We just don't"" seemed to be all there was to it. Of course they're well within their rights to say that, but at the same time it just seems odd that they couldn't even name a single reason why."
I cant see your incredible one because im not a premium member haha.
"Here's some pictures from a few angles! http://i.imgur.com/wHDwZ5z.jpg http://i.imgur.com/5Jr7xoz.jpg http://i.imgur.com/HWRIL2b.jpg "
[deleted]
THEY'RE NOT EVEN THE REAL U OF M.
"Taproom and Backdoor are pretty divey. If that's your thing, go for it. I kind of hate the Backdoor, but lots of people love it.

Actually, come to think of it, most of my favorite places in the Highlands are breweries that probably won't have any non-craft beer. So Taproom and Akikos might be your best bet. Time and Space bar is an okay dive, too. Big Bar and Nowhere are pretty fun for gay bars if that's your scene.

Are you guys from Louisville? And in your 20's? How have you never been to the Highlands before? Have fun and be safe!

"
"only need one letter!

n"
Rounding error
[deleted]
Fair enough. I could see that. I don't hear anything about that ass seeming fake though ; )
"Kono all over again. kono isn't doing half bad at Sevilla either. I'm really surprised no other team has come in for him. "
"My headache intensified, stripping away all aspects of my consciousness.  A blinding flash of light followed and that was all I could remember.  When I came to my senses again, the room was still. Kimmy was in the corner but wouldn't make eye contact with me. And the captor...he was...splayed open from the back, his trousers torn open and blood mixed with entrails sloshed upon the floor. His head was turned upon himself, as an owl would, and the face was aghast. I then watched as a snake protruded from his open, lifeless mouth, and slither away.  ""Did I...do this?"" I said, looking at Kimmy, my earnest eyes looking for answers.  Her nod told me all I needed to know. "
[deleted]
"It was fixed to me too :), thanks anyway "
"Baking. Hitler ruined baking for everyone. Not a day goes by that me and my wife are making a lovely batch of cupcakes and the like, that we don't break down in tears. Tears of laughter because inevitably one of us makes a holocaust joke. Thanks Hitler."
"order again with a different email 

or try bitcoin"
"This is the same problem with Family Guy. "
"I'm not Bill, but The Suns jump off the page to me. Devin Booker is developing what is starting to look like a Klay Thompson esque game, and TJ Warren, Alex Len, and now Archie Goodwin are all showing real potential as players that could be great in a few years time. Factor in Knight and/or Bledose, OR being able to trade one or both of them for a great asset, then the Suns could be cooking real fast again with the addition and development of a player like Simmons. Maybe a title contender by 2020 with proper management (and with the Suns it may be a stretch). 
"
"[^(**Mouseover** or **click** to view the metric conversion for this comment)](http://fiddle.jshell.net/ConvertsToMetric/xhk4y5h5/show/light/?10%20feet%20=%203.0%20m%0A11%20feet%20=%203.4%20m%0A ""10 feet = 3.0 m
11 feet = 3.4 m
Post feedback in /r/ToMetric"")"
"Oh please. You think that everyone who fought for the south joined because slavery benefited them? Because they cared about slavery? They cared about southern identity and southern pride, and if slavery was included, the north be damned.

But if you think brothers fought each other solely for the right to own slaves, you're sorely mistaken. Very few southerners had slaves or were well acquainted with someone who had slaves."
I'll take topre and BS thank you! :)
"spectre, invoker, earth spirit"
[removed]
[removed]
"Eat better, work out. All sorted. "
"Most consumer grade antenna amplifiers are junk.  They just amplify noise.  Don't waste your money.


Instead, use a directional antenna (it's called a Yagi) and point it towards the city.


You also need to understand the REAL channel of the stations.  TV stations don't necessarily broadcast on the channel they advertise.  For example, channel 4 may have been on analog channel 4 but after the HDTV changeover they may be on channel 58 but they show up on your TV on channel 4.  The difference being **channel 4 is VHF and channel 58 is UHF**.  Confusing.  So when choosing an indoor Yagi, you might have to make sure it's VHF/UHF instead of just UHF.  VHF is a larger antenna."
"[Just a lazy face-swap](http://i.imgur.com/6tWc3RJ.jpg) , didn't spend too much time."
"He had shampoo wars, asked girls out that were waaaaay out of his league, and sprinted in between classrooms. I wish it wasn't me though"
"That's why they should introduce kind of a 'wild card'. A defender should be able to choose one hero that is going to be hidden. So the attacker can only see 3 and the 1 will be a surprise. "
"Well, if you can elaborate go ahead, but that was mostly an aside. My point was Turner is not that special and working with her is not any better than working with RHCP.

Bowie also worked with Scarlett Johannson. And I would too and for reasons that have zero to do with music or talent."
[deleted]
"That's not how it works. 

Running MVRs cost money. Very few companies order MVRs when giving quotes. And if this is a small town agency, they DEFINITELY DO NOT run MVRs when giving quotes. They'd lose thousands of dollars a year if they did that.

Now, here's the issue: the agent should have told OP that the quote was based on a clean MVR and is subject to change. 

From what I've read, OP hasn't gotten a ticket since the policy's effective date so the only thing I can chalk this up to is bad underwriting or a rate increase that went unnoticed until the new vehicle was actually placed on the policy.

These things happen.



"
How many keys are you looking for?
"What about those arm legs on Patricia?  Or, if you just want normal legs, her familiars might do the trick."
"No Circlejerking? Look at all the threads reiterating the same bullshit over and over about how the peasants are some sort of AIU apologists. 

And im not a fan of the vague concept of ""no shitposting"" when it basicly gives a moderator free reign to close any thread. 

Reddiquette is also a fucking retarded concept, people should be able to call someone a dumb pile of fucking shit if they want to. Whats the big deal?

Use constructive criticism? Okay if someone wants to troll someone or give someone ""the bad advices"" its really not the end of the fucking world.

Everything else on this list seems perfectly acceptable."
"PCGS or NGC? 

PCGS are much more brittle and open pretty easily with wirecutters, one clip in the center of each side usually does the trick.

NGC slabs suck to open. Cut and pry.

I've cracked dozens if not hundreds this way, and have yet to damage a coin doing so."
"She's one of them cats that dye her hair, get piercings and invariably watches Japanese cartoons. She also communicates with other cat-people by meowing, which cats don't do to each other.

In short, not only is she making it up she doesn't even seem to know anything about cats because cats don't do anything she does. If she is a cat she's a shit cat."
"&gt;Earl Cole- Played as perfect a game as one could play in my opinion minus Rita's vote against him. Could have been number one if he hadn't lost so many challenges, both tribal and individual, and if he had been a bit more flashy.

I'm not gonna knock him for losing so many challenges because he was on the ~~Hell~~ Ravu Tribe, and was probably exhausted by the merge."
It's a type of reaction video that a TON of people do on youtube
Also absolutely peanut brain sometimes
Holy crap that was sick. Never heard that before. The ending was unreal. I'd love to hear more dnb by the Lord!
[ ] (#oooh)
"Thanks, pal! "
[deleted]
You're foul Zyda! You're grimy! You're shady Zyda!
that is hilarious
Yes? iPhone 6/6+/6s/6s+/5c/5se is totally meaningless marketing schlock.
"Thank you!! I don't think the other looks are BAD, so to speak - and I do sometimes still rock a thicker brow if I know I'm going to be photographed and the rest of my makeup is heavier.. But this look takes a LOT less time in the morning, which is also a nice bonus! :)"
"Temporal aperture seems insanely good. 

Imperial seal is just okay, worth having but not absurd but Aperture is just so strong."
"If it worked like Dishonored possession does, I would be for it, especially if it allows for you to MC a target, possess them, and then not trigger alarms as you seem to be the enemy..."
I thought this would be tips for ROAM to improve his analyzing lol.
"Never knew that existed.

It's amazing how much she's achieved at only 11.5 years old, especially getting star attention for the Peanuts movie."
"hmm, whatever works for you, heh. There are a LOT of different ways that Fibro can affect you. Women seems to have more issues with multiple symptoms then men (I'm a guy). The pain is the biggest issue for me along with not sleeping well. Ibuprofen is the best OTC for me. I use alprazolam to help with sleep and a small dose of antidepressant helps a LOT (donno why).
 Swimming is about the one exercise that I can tolerate the best.
 As for all the rest of the OTC stuff, the herbs, the pain killers, whatever, you just have to try them out with a LOT of skepticism and endure all the side effects.  "
"Fire Emblem 4. Brave Sword Arya misses six times with a 90+% hit rate, proceeds to get hit three times by axe users with a 10% hit rate. 

She survives, gets hit by a long range attack which had a single digit hit chance. Cue death and tears. That was definitely my worst string of luck. Praise be the turn save. 

Angriest, of course, comes from those lovely 1% crits from the GBA games...because you can't take them back. ; _ ; (RIP Matthew)"
i kin rede
[removed]
"To other users posting on this thread (and **not** to the submitter of this particular thread): offering on price check and question threads is not allowed. Failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban.

Sharking is not tolerated here, and any attempt made *will* result in a permanent ban.

[Please refer to our subreddit's rules as well if you have any doubts.](http://www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Still rough if you didn't have any closure from a long time ago.

We're here to chat if you need to!"
I must never forget!! I have it written down. And reading here helps keep me sharp.
I'm Cassia.
ETA?
"There's evidence that this kind of thing creates an incentive for corruption in police forces.  So, let's not."
"There will be 3 wings of Spirit Vale.

There was a thread on the frontpage just today about a tweet from Crystal Reid saying that the next was set for her review.

I'd rather the devs spend their time and get wings 2 and 3 right just like they did for wing 1, instead of trying to stick to an arbitrary timeline."
"If you provide some ""indisputable facts"" I would gladly listen. Maybe try observing and thinking for yourself for once, instead of letting others do it for you ;)"
[deleted]
"Let's be honest, he/she is like, ""where's my fucking biscuit?"""
"Are those things really $.25 anymore? Inflation baby..
"
[removed]
"Tell the truth. A member of his family requests his remains so they can be interred in the family crypt.
"
I'm sure Howard's goal is to focus all resources on the main show and have minimal resources everywhere else.
"2 questions:

what is the best strategy to [this](http://fallenlondon.wikia.com/wiki/A_walk_in_the_villa_gardens) that is having both F8 and I8 at Polytheme (cards order/conversions)

What is the best grind of romantic notions: [this](http://fallenlondon.wikia.com/wiki/The_Priest_at_the_Temple) [that](http://fallenlondon.wikia.com/wiki/The_Ruin) or [that](http://fallenlondon.wikia.com/wiki/Lurk_in_the_eaves)?

"
High school.
I feel like I've gotten the best version of Tubbs. He eats all my food but pays for it dearly in gold fish. I tolerate him
"Not really. There is some variability, but even though the guidelines aren't mandatory (excepting specific minimums), judges have to have articulable reasons for deviating from them, which are subject to review under both appeal and 6.500 motions.

Source: am Michigan attorney in criminal law"
[deleted]
Jim-Bob Bond. He takes his moonshine shaken not stirred.
"I once had to manually fix 50 or so MBPs for that issue because for some reason an elevated user couldn't touch the files without root access and our remote management tool didn't have root access. That's probably the biggest common problem that I ran into. "
"Roger Staubach. 

Guy would still be in the GOAT conversation if he hadn't gone into into the Navy for 4 years before starting NFL career or if he hadn't run up against The Steel Curtain in 2 of his 4 Super Bowl trips."
That's some Poe Dameron shit right there
"The bedroom I had the problem with with had three inside walls and good insulation.  It was always freezing.  As soon as the guys were done it normalized and it's been fine since.  "
am dead
Oh shit...
"someone else posted about a Death Star map where the objective would be precisely hitting the Thermal Exhaust Port, which is impossible. Even for a computer."
"You're a woman? I've never seen a woman deal out as many sick burns as you have schooling people.. Well done. "
Just to remind you guys you have the option to not use the fingerprint scanner. Remember when the iPhone 5S came out and people were freaking out about this because people could go through a complicated technical process to steal your memes and drunk texts?
"He had as much time as anyone, unless you think Hae was intercepted after leaving school and not killed for a long time, a theory for which there is no evidence. "
"first one, the others make the background more noisy and take away from her skin color"
A few friends got together for a New Years drink. Someone posted a picture on facebook. Someone saw it and got offended they weren't invited. DO I HAVE TO INVITE THE WHOLE WORLD NOW EVERY TIME I FANCY GOING OUT FOR A DRINK?
"I think most of the regs tell the truth about their dating, throwaway accounts I tend not to believe. "
"Someone (Beth !!) in my class says this. "
"Hi there puppet, I have a few SERIOUS questions:
 1. Why haven't you released a collab with Murtagh yet?
 2. Where's your beard BWOI??
 3. Will you ever 1v1 Draper on FIfa?"
"when did this become ok? when did things shift so wildly out of alignment that the way-out-there crazies ceased being the fanatical minority and became our leaders and public mouthpieces? why are we constantly forced to pick a side on ludicrous issues like publicly putting drug dealers to death or closing our borders to all non-christians? this guy is an elected official in charge of an entire state and it's pretty much ok for him to spout juvenile ""solutions"" such as this. these same people try to call muslims barbaric. only because they're killing the ""wrong"" people. this country is being run by children. loud, uneducated, whiny, hateful, scared, little children and if you turn a blind eye thinking that they will get what's coming to them, then you are a bigger part of the problem than they are. "
"Hi everyone, thanks for being a part of r\/RandomActsOfBlowJob. As always, take steps to protect your identity and verify that of the person you're dealing with!

Please ensure you respect the new [one post per week rule](https://www.reddit.com/r/RandomActsOfBlowJob/comments/40jj2c/meta_rule_change_a_fixed_limit_on_how_often_you/), and also join the discussion about [how we can best make use of anonymous comments](https://www.reddit.com/r/RandomActsOfBlowJob/comments/42kuif/meta_anonymous_discussion_how_will_you_use_it/) 

[rules](/r/RandomActsOfBlowJob/wiki/public/rules) -
[sidebar](/r/RandomActsOfBlowJob/about/sidebar) -
[message mods](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FRandomActsOfBlowJob) -
[more in NYC](/r/RandomActsOfBlowJob/search?q=title%3ANYC+subreddit%3A%28RandomActsOfBlowjob+OR+RandomActsOfMuffDive%29&amp;restrict_sr=&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all)

---


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/RandomActsOfBlowJob) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Same, happened after updating Firefox (I think)"
Aaaaand she's gone.
You guys are scaring me.  I'm pretty close to what you're calling 5 years physique and I'm nowhere near 5 years training.  I really hope progress doesn't slow down that much :'(
[deleted]
There's no reason we can't hope it will improve our chances.
"Yes. It is not helping my premature ejaculation. I cannot pound my wife like I used to. I will cum in 1 min from pounding. "
"DAMNIT, HE PUT MY AK IN JELLO AGAIN!"
What about a unified price for gasoline. It would save time for for each province to work out a price each week and put everyone on an equal footing.
Someone make it happen.
"""Huh.""

*She summoned her batons.*"
"Little Richard "
"""She's a good hearted woman in love with a good timing man..."""
"Tyreke out as well. I mean they are playing Sacramento who also gives up a lot of points
"
I was thinking it should be about some guy taking pictures of other guys using toilets.
"Rancid milk, turned disgusting cheese found in a/c ducts and rear center console after wife swore she cleaned it all up... Smelled like dead rotting unwashed zombie feet worn gym socks..."
"Nope, it's not normal to feel that your wife stands in the way cause you're lusting after women. It's one thing to find other people attractive, but quite another to wish you could disregard your partner and sleep with other women. "
"As another regular bar goer, she's a crazy bitch"
"Oh man that would hurt. I love seeing him on the court playing hard and hustling. "
The problem with that humble bundle is that fireaxis has it grouped by tier into bundles so one code redeems an entire tier
"Yeah, sounds federal or this guy wouldn't be getting a summons on the shore side for Baltimore."
"Kinda expected The Flash's ratings to go down a little this season; they set the bar way too high with the kickass first season (the back-half at least) that they can never reach the hype they had last year, even though season two has been spectacular so far. At least that's how I feel about it."
"Can is at 100%, is filled, and I tried to fill up the ol' jeep and nothing happened except being ripped off a trip for fuel."
"Me too =) Between the 4 of us, we polished off the whole bag already! Yikes!"
[removed]
"Didn't own a gold lancer, never have. Bow amazons are bitches, you know that? Lol."
"So you're saying time continues *after* the Big Bash ends? "
"That party had no chill.  I just watched it again and yeah there seemed like KR and FN-2187 had a little moment.  I don't know, maybe it's just my imagination.  I'm sure it will all end up different that we imagine anyway.    
And yes, that was my way of being totally non-committal on that idea. "
"In headphones, I am almost certain that the reason we hear sounds from the front or rear is due to psychoacoustic influences. For example, when I use headphones, I perceive sound as coming from behind me, but most people are wired to perceive sounds as coming from in front of themselves. It's just what people are used to. This is just inferences from my experiences with how and why people perceive things in audio the way we do. I still hear loudspeakers as coming from in front of me btw, so it's only headphones. I think this is one of the reasons quadraphonic headphones are flawed designs. I don't think you can hear front and rear channels in a headphone. In videogames, when you use stereo, you can hear ""front"" and ""rear"" if you see the source of the sound. But I couldn't tell where the noise was coming from if I couldn't see it, other than if it's panned off to the left or right. I have not tried surround sound quite yet, but I do want to. Isn't it just simulating the acoustics of a room with surround sound speakers, so our ears perceive the sounds bouncing off objects and hitting both of our ears at slightly different times?"
Riot Lyte would actually consider disabling Singed for being toxic
"that is why I play champs that put top laners on tilt, then ask why their jungler isn't ganking "
YES. I COULD NOT AGREE MORE.
+/u/User_Simulator jacoby531
"I feel like girls do this type of thing a lot. Perhaps you could write a post on it. Maybe you can just PM me the text and I'll post it so it will get more upvotes, per the recent trend of us making identical points and me getting upvoted and u downvoted"
"Probably the slowest growing herb..... "
WOAH I am hyyyyped! Another one????
Not really my man! Try out r/fireteams and join a group to do the nm raid. Its alot of fun. Who knows you may end up enjoying it.
"I've thought a lot about this before. There's something about innocent-looking women that triggers aggressive thoughts in me. I've never known what to make of it. I try to be honest with myself. Is it because I think she's easy? Is there satisfaction in being the first in (in the case she's a virgin)? Maybe I'm curious to see that *other* side of her. Maybe I suspect she's a closet freak. Or maybe there's satisfaction in turning her into one.

Who knows."
90/5/5 0.03 with good adds. Will overpay :) interested?
How does one get the Beta Facebook app?
"This post was removed because it is not from the [approved domains](/r/nsfw/wiki/hosts) or it is not a direct image link. Please read the link on proper way to post. Please note that albums are not allowed to be posted by new accounts. Also note that new users using imgur need to link directly to the image (i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png) not the html page (imgur.com/abcdefg).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/nsfw) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Yes, downloading and watching. The only issues I had were resolved by increasing the video memory in the rasbian settings"
You're thinking of Samoa. Laura M wasn't on RI.
"I guess I see your point, but at the same time, the news obviously can't cover ever killing"
"You look like you masturbate while watching The Discovery Channel. "
"No sorry, I've already got one. "
"also

FUCK the abhorrent beast. this boss is full of shit."
Don't shill your own moderated sub here.
Also if you dislike it please do give me constructif comments on what to change for future reference ! :3
"That's a shitty debate tactic. Personal attacks come out when you can't defend your position any more. "
"I would love a friendly note, if you don't mind! "
This was the best gif battle ever.
"Elia smiled coldly, ""I don't recall Ser Dalt being there for negotiations so I have no idea what authority he speaks from but the matter was handled, and a war was prevented.""


She raised an eyebrow at the group, ""The Stormlands still owe us 5 galleys and the coin House Estermont took during the Tor's sacking. I'm sure our new Princess can manage the retrieval of those goods without House Yronwood having to do her family's job for her again. We also haven't heard back about the trial of Lord Uller. We sent them Lord Uller's brother as a hostage until the crown could decide his guilt as Lord Uller hid behind his brother during our meeting."""
"it doesn't look too bad here on my laptop - slightly distorted because of the panorama but you can still see what all is pictured

what is that pulp fiction set if you don't mind me asking?"
"Mislim da bi bilo sjajno da organizujemo ""THE BEST OF /R/SERBIA IN 2015"" contest?   Šta mislite? "
"holy shit, I hope he's ok"
I thought things would have been perfect after the strict gun laws and police interrogations.
"this was the scene where I realized there is no way she isn't a Skywalker "
"What's the app you are using to stream games on your tablet? "
"**re**ngar 

**re**move

Coinsidence? I think not"
"While I agree with that completely, Mathis was signed by another team for the price we offered so I think price tag kinda has to be thrown out, but I am speaking with the benefit of hindsight and I understand that, but it was more of a talent for talent comparison on my part."
Priceless!
Depends.
specs on the s5?
"One time I was playing rocket league and got gravity spiked because I had played blops earlier that afternoon. "
"1) 26M.  

2) To broaden the series' appeal? I'd heard Awakening would have been the last FE if it hadn't sold well. Also, Marth's original design is like something out of an 80's anime, so to me it just seems like the series is moving with the times (which I'm probably going to get flack for).

 3) Here or Serene's Forest. You could always ignore threads you don't like, or set up a filter on here that blocks out content you don't want to see.  

4) I don't mind it, as Awakening was my first (it wasn't what attracted me to the series, but it is what I'm used to), but it can get a little out of hand. However, most fandoms tend to have a shipping contingent - the larger the fandom, the more prominent this is. Even the stuff I was into ~10-15 years ago had this sort of thing going on; I just learnt to ignore it."
"*sigh* I know Codrum, and we probably should have caught that he would do something like this. "
"His case isn't as strong as Messi. Just for me personally: Overall impact on the game. Messi will drop back to half and pick up the ball and create. He gets his team much more involved in the game. "
"There are 34 stories by [FormerFutureAuthor](https://reddit.com/u/FormerFutureAuthor), including:

* [[OC] Forest Sequel - Part Five (x-post)](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/3z2np2/oc_forest_sequel_part_five_xpost/)
* [[OC] The Forest Sequel - Parts 1-4](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/3y3xx6/oc_the_forest_sequel_parts_14/)
* [[OC] My Man Durblett](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/3qdk1f/oc_my_man_durblett/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Thirty-Seven](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/3c8ril/pi_forest_part_thirtyseven/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Thirty-Six](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/3c23x6/pi_forest_part_thirtysix/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Thirty-Five](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/3bfsmf/pi_forest_part_thirtyfive/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Thirty-Four](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/3b1h4m/pi_forest_part_thirtyfour/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Thirty-Three](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/39vga2/pi_forest_part_thirtythree/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Thirty-Two](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/39rxi7/pi_forest_part_thirtytwo/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Thirty-One](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/3990y0/pi_forest_part_thirtyone/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Thirty](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/38g4k7/pi_forest_part_thirty/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Twenty-Nine](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/37utwq/pi_forest_part_twentynine/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Twenty-Eight](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/378k0v/pi_forest_part_twentyeight/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Twenty-Seven](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/36k80i/pi_forest_part_twentyseven/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Twenty-Six](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/35iju4/pi_forest_part_twentysix/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Twenty-Five](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/357t37/pi_forest_part_twentyfive/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Twenty-Four](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/34fvhy/pi_forest_part_twentyfour/)
* [[OC] Earth City](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/33xdr4/oc_earth_city/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Twenty-Three](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/33jq32/pi_forest_part_twentythree/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Twenty-Two (x-post)](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/32vkef/pi_forest_part_twentytwo_xpost/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Twenty-One](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/32971w/pi_forest_part_twentyone/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Nineteen &amp;amp; Twenty (x-post)](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/31k080/pi_forest_part_nineteen_twenty_xpost/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Eighteen (x-post)](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/30mboa/pi_forest_part_eighteen_xpost/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Seventeen (AKA the ""Oh Shit"" part) (x-post) (lmao)](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2zz28g/pi_forest_part_seventeen_aka_the_oh_shit_part/)
* [[PI] Forest - Part Fifteen + Part Sixteen](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2zk0z7/pi_forest_part_fifteen_part_sixteen/)

This list was automatically generated by HFYBotReborn version 2.11. Please contact [KaiserMagnus](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=KaiserMagnus&amp;subject=HFYBot&amp;message=) or [j1xwnbsr](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=j1xwnbsr&amp;subject=HFYBot&amp;message=) if you have any queries. This bot is [open source](https://github.com/waitingtocompile/HFYBotReborn)."
[deleted]
"Lul you got me! Nice troll account btw, please say this to me on your main unless you don't have the balls :)"
"It's a hypothetical scenario, a 'what if' if you will."
Went to Australia to get drunk and screw hot chicks. 5/7
"Wait, wait, wait!

I remember that when that movie came out, our drama teacher got so excited because he used to be a student of hers.  According to Wikipedia, he's also the nephew of my district's congressman.

Small world!"
"Locking this thread so that we can keep all comments constructive, [see the new stickied thread here for more information and to AMA if you'd like!](https://www.reddit.com/r/infinifactory/comments/3z2pay/meta_rinfinifactory_subreddit_suggestions_2016/) :)"
"Hello Coltrane hru "
"It's still totally worth watching, I'd say."
Yeah and I think of that every time! Neil Druckman was saying that Baker kept putting too much into it and had him scale back. It's funny how something so little can actually bring more out of the scene.
"People who I like are models.

People who I don't like are poop.

Damn, that's funny."
Fun fact: Marth has the second longest Dacus in the game after Lucas
"Central Florida Warriors. I didn't really play that much, last year was my first season. Hopefully I can improve a lot this upcoming season. "
"Your post was automatically removed for being a mobile link. Please resubmit with a non-mobile version.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/todayilearned) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Not true, paranormal investigators seem to make bank on tv these days."
"#CLICK --&gt; [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofcsgo/wiki/faq) &lt;--
Your submission has been automatically removed because your account does not meet our [**minimum karma requirement**](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq#wiki_what_is_that_number_next_to_usernames.3F_and_what_is_karma.3F). Please read the rules to learn more @ http://www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofcsgo/wiki/rules

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/randomactsofcsgo) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
Thank you!
Reported for SPAM.
"you can change the camera type in options "
"That could help. If we know, say, measles will be a problem, we can just vaccinate for it every generation. But what if they can die from the flu? We'd have to re-vaccinate them every year, and they might still get a strain that we didn't vaccinate them against. And maybe they'll die from something we didn't even think to vaccinate them against. Or maybe from something we can't vaccinate against."
Payday Loans. I saw a teacher who is enjoying summer vacation in Switzerland after he was vacating at Panda to cool down.
"Well then they probably don't like games. In a novel you should look for good textual storytelling, in a movie for good visual storytelling, in a game for good gameplay."
Used to be run in token druid decks a long time ago...
TAIWAN NO.1!!
"Well colonialism was inherently tied to racism. Lots of colonial activity was tied to the belief of racial and religious superiority, and huge amounts of what would now be seen as crimes against humanity or war crimes were committed in the name of the 'mission to  civilise'."
Turn subreddit style off to see it.
"The Internet/WWW (separate but universally thought of as the same.) The 60's, 70's, and 80's felt like the Greek, Roman, and British empires respectively. Then the 90s came with the explosion of the WWW and wide spread internet access. It felt like the age of exploration. 

Then the late 90's and early 2000's came, it felt like the wild west, you could still do some crazy shit and be anonymous, we saw the birth of illegal file sharing,  then the towns were getting a new sherif so to speak. We got even faster connections and the birth of social networking. 

Then the wild west tamed in 06 we saw facebook open up to the rest of the world and the early adopters had graduated college and spread it. Jan 07 saw the iphone and then its competitors bring us the web/net, those phones and mp3 devices before took that leap made by piracy and gave us paid content then lead to streaming.  

Then chatrooms by and large disappeared to be replaced with forums and post.. 16 years ago as a freshman in college i could say some shit. And no one could find me. Now my wife gets mad at the jokes i post."
[deleted]
"I don't think there's any hard and fast rule--there are scholars in classics departments who are very interested in the philosophical content of the texts, and who have done excellent philosophical work.  Presumably, people in classics departments are more likely than people in philosophy departments to work on textual, linguistic, and broadly historical approaches to the texts, and we wouldn't expect a random classics grad to have the competence in the basic fields of philosophy we'd expect from a random philosophy grad, but it seems to me there's quite a bit of variation across different scholars within the larger classics community.

But if you want the perspective of people coming in classics departments, you might want to try /r/askhistorians."
"Doesn't make him garbage tho, you just don't like him"
"Very excited about this all! Just one concern -- firepits. It sounds too familiar to the bonfire Rs3 implemented back in 2012 I believe. Basically, it was the start of Jagex making every 99 a joke to obtain. I hope 07scape doesn't follow suit and make every 99 obtainable within a day! "
[deleted]
[removed]
they are out now
"Well he didn't exactly stay healthy or play well in the beginning of the season. He already became less valuable regardless of this last game "
"Hi pa_one, your post has been removed because it wasn't flaired. Please flair your post correctly and it will be re-instated automatically.

&gt;**What is a Flair?**

&gt;A flair basically categorizes your post in one of the pre-existing categories on /r/india. Once you make a submission, you'll notice a red button which says *Flair your post* . Click on it and choose a flair according to the submission's theme, then hit Save.

&gt;* If you want a civil and focused discussion with NO off-topic comments, choose ""[R]ediquette"". We do not allow trolling and other unnecessary behaviour in [R] threads.
* If you are posting from a handheld device, append [NP] for non-political, [P] for political and [R] to the title of the post and our bot will flair it accordingly.
* **Example**: http://i.imgur.com/FKs9uVI.png

---

^(I am just a bot and cannot reply to your queries. Send a) [^*modmail*](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Findia&amp;subject=Flair+Bot) ^(if you have any doubts.)
"
Battlefrog looks like an 80/20 dude ratio. I'm out.
"Voluntary transaction not coercion.

Snapshots:

* *This Post* - [1](https://archive.is/rcFRW), [Error](https://web.archive.org/save/http://www.reddit.com/r/magicTCG/comments/3yvy42/cardboard_crack_suspensions/cyh9dvr), [3](http://megalodon.jp/2016-0102-0854-19/www.reddit.com/r/magicTCG/comments/3yvy42/cardboard_crack_suspensions/cyh9dvr)


*I am a bot. ([Info](/r/elsbot) | [Contact](/r/elsbot/submit?selftext=true))*"
[deleted]
Still six weeks until pitchers and catchers report...
[Um](http://i.imgur.com/LCh0mBv.gif)
r/destinysherpa is a great place to find groups doing nm. With people who have little to no experience with end game content.
"This was my initial thought after reading.  I've known a good few sociopaths who could charm my mother to believe them over me.

But yeah, as far as being the brother in this situation, little can be done. :-/"
"Luck won't be far behind, for Christ sake he could've died this year. "
"I can go to sleep knowing everybody's calculus is fine, thank you. 

Also glad to hear a serie of event converged toward marriage"
[deleted]
Anyone know where Froggens going?
"The first time saw I anchorman, the jazz flute scene just about killed me"
"The original was great. It would be interesting to see Gord as a cartoonist. "
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPVZDD0kcaI I'd kinda forgotten just how many great moments he had for Celtic. Makes you realise why Spartak spent so much on him.
"Oh noes! I forgot about Nihilate! :O

I totes would've voted him most Helpful User."
Coker said the Strikeforce ownership group structured their pay scale as if there was a fighter union and gave them a 68-32 revenue split. In 2011 they generated $30m in revenue. Lorenzo just said UFC revenue was $600m this year and we saw what those Strikeforce contracts were like vs. the UFC contracts.
Pretty much anything made by Littman.  They are the gold standard when it comes to stethoscopes.  The Littman Classic II is a very nice scope for the price.  Very customizable as well.
Yup. It should work.
"Germany does not have common law. The same as we up in the Nordics. The court preceding are very different form the US, British etc. ones. Here it goes like this. If the ""book of law"" does not state that something is illegal then it's legal. If it states that it's illegal, then that is that. You can't argue that you didn't know but that's about it. So your defence will not work. But it's creative I'll give you that."
If they don't take this I don't know if there's much better put there
"I bought it during the Halloween sale. It allows for stupidly detailed configuration, however I've been too lazy to do anything with it apart from enabling the taskbar on both monitors. I'm curious as to what you guys have done with it? Feed me your ideas so I don't have to get un-lazy!"
"I'm an android user and I up voted this "
"The game next year is going to be so damn hyped if both are undefeated going into it. "
The world could do with more people like him :)
"Baltimore has plenty of room to grow. There are tons of vacant buildings, tons of space to build up, etc. But people need to want to live or work in the city. Many people who live in the county or open businesses there instead of in the city do it because  of the tax rates, better school system, lower crime, etc. 

Baltimore needs an all around overhaul to its image to reverse those trends. It was doing great until the Freddie Gray murder. Lots of young people were moving in, neighborhoods were getting revamped, and people were generally excited to live there. But now with a sky high crime rate and people exiting their 20's and having families, the city needs to give people a better reason to stay."
"if the clicks are not painful, it's not really an issue.

IIRC, clicking isn't really something you can work on. it just happens. happens for me too, on the right arm mostly."
"Yea, the last 3 blocks are South Philly. Thats not marching through South Philly to me. Im hoping Kenney makes them start marching from Oregon Ave. down to City Hall again."
"Just to get everyone know, GameStop in store won't honor online prices, so heading into Best Buy to price match. Suckers -.-"
This goes back a bit...but I really HATE Worf from Star Trek TNG. Every episode that focuses on him is just some lame honor killing plot.
"Cool, if you're looking to get back in the to comics and don't necessarily want to read the very newest stuff I'd suggest your local library. Most have started carrying comics and graphic novels. It's especially great if you don't want to break the bank because comics can get expensive, believe me I've spent way too much money on them. Or if you like reading digital, Marvel Unlimited is like Netflix for comics."
thanks a lot
Godzilla
"I don't see them often at all, but then again, I've been very lucky in the past, rarely do I ever see them, and saw them in the past even before the EAC"
"Wait. I don't want to demean your life story, but, are you saying you had a -real- relationship before your boyfriend? Pumpkin, ain't no one had no serious relationship when they were 15. It's 100% possible you don't know what you want. You are 18, of course you don't. Don't like past history stop you from chasing happiness. I would leave this relationship behind and seek an adult form of love, chances are, if you feel this way, you already crave it."
Robben is better than Suarez imo
gaming chair and lag + sprint key **2 months**
[Excellent heel toe action](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3hrpkHoyrM)
"""My kid is in the marching band.""

""Oh very cool, what does he play?""

""The stop sign. And his best friend plays the skateboard."" "
649
They do remove quickly posts. Every time I reported someone posts would be gone in 10-50 mins. It's just no one is bothering to report these.
"The energy heavies have (and im a Heavy Primary Player now) is ridiculous. Whether you go Epack to abuse the PE built in for dueling, or Utility so you can Half Pipe around the enemy base raining mortars on the stand/vpad, I can go so High that LD on the stand cant even hit me with Chain while I drop bombs. A slight nerf (say 20 energy) across the board for all heavies would mitigate that without removing any of the skiing/carving/etc mobility."
Go to school and become a priest
[removed]
"Again, why does it matter? Why does every fucking person on this shitty fucking sub act like people who buy Silver are throwing money away? **I** like Destiny so it's **my choice** to give Bungie more money. **I** have the extra income to spend. I guarantee most of you spend your money on shit I'd find retarded like anime or other shitty games."
"Mod ping detected, calling upon mods /u/blogman66 /u/Augenis, /u/Cerce_Tentones

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/empirepowers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark (""?"") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
what did your girlfriend say
That is not okay. You're not being unreasonable. I'd really reevaluate this relationship if he goes through with this.
"Now what disgusts me isn't that she tried, it's that society let her succeed."
reported post because no b/o
"I agree with this theory but I think it's wrong to refer to him as a ""weapon"". That is really my only problem with this theory, because calling him a weapon diminishes every other part of him. Being part of the defense of the planet doesn't make him a weapon, it's what he does with the life given to him."
"Double Hopkins, man up everyone else, and stuff the box. The TExans are running it too easily for a team that can't pass."
I thought about it but I heard it's just shitty hearthstone. True?
Schaub all over again.
"Obviously not in the know on wolves here so I may be wrong, but clubs try and media spin when it comes to sales of the best players to try make the fans turn against the player rather than the club, so i wouldn't be surprised if what's said in the media is different to reality."
He's off on vacation
"I thought about the revenge thing, but it seemed kind of petty. Also, why the good sandwich and milk?"
"I do not, the current lack of balance and failure to implement basic moba features like bans has been souring me to be game"
"You can try, but I fear I'm past the age where I can learn that kind of thing now."
"I'm currently suffering from food poisoning or something, and the stereo pan on this track is really tripping me out. I'd have to listen in a saner state of mind to tell you whether or not that's a good or bad thing. "
"Yeah, that's ks for the advice. I'm just going to decline the offer I think. I really don't have the experience or the equipment, so I wouldn't want to dissapoint anyone. "
"Looks like I might have to phone the police, or a marine biologist!"
"You realize that clinical psychology is not the only subset I talked about, right?"
"Having preferences is different from having attachment. Attachment involves clinging, unskillful mental states, and incurs dukkha. A preference is merely something you choose to spend your time attention on rather than on other things.

I like milk in my tea; that's a preference, not an attachment."
"also bonus pics of me from year 8
http://imgur.com/U8uONbh,6Eu1WBj

think I've at least improved from then hahaha used to get mistaken for a guy all the time, and I loved it :') :/"
"IGN Diego, Deposited Abra M Lv10, Message Kyren GA, request 3. Thanks"
"Thanks, I'll give that a try. But the way it's distorting makes me think it's a problem in the amplification circuit, not the power supply. hopefully cleaning the pots will help."
"
Hey /u/thedzer,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts."
▼
It's broken down into dexamp in red blood cells not the GI tract. No lactobacillus will likely not break down vyvance.
"Too many musicians do unfortunately take the wrong path. 

Weird to say but if it wasn't for Bob's LSD trips we wouldn't have any of the outstanding music we have from him.  "
"If you're visiting New Zealand, you have to swing by a Hot Bread Shop/Bakery/Lunch Bar and get a Steak and Cheese pie and a slice of whichever kind takes your fancy."
"51234
Just Cause 3 plzzzzzzzz :D"
[deleted]
Easy...
[deleted]
"Hoyer is just trying to get this thing over with so he can make his meeting with a Hyundai dealership about a new job. "
"It's great you know a lot about your world, because at some point, your party is going to break a crucial aspect of it. Have some generic theme-appropriate encounters on hand for this eventuality.

Pay attention to what your players respond to. You (collectively) are telling a story together. While it's your world and your rules, it's their characters' story. If they seem to love socializing, give them more things to talk their way through.

And try to avoid saying ""no"" to interesting ideas, and if you have to, try to do it in character with in-universe reasons that make sense. (""Sorry ma'am, I've never heard of Princess Unicornrainbowtear, and we don't have the authority to call him to the front gate to parley with you. You'll have to seek an audience with him through the chancellor."")"
"I have found the answer: the charging point is only wired up with 1 phase. So everything but the charger (car, cable, plug) are capable of 230V 3Phases, but they did not connect all the phases..."
"Dallas, 9-6. 

Since we're playing the Q&amp;A Game, [my turn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLl0DVzRksk)! "
"I work in wastewater, some ""scum"" might float but the shit breaks down into ""sludge"" which sinks. That's how a clarifier works, scum is removed and sludge settles to the bottom so ""clean"" water on top flows into a weir and out of the system. "
No my whole point was that this isn't a 40 hour a week job. You are a specialist who gets called into different waste treatment plants when they have problems. If you charged 50 an hour to clean gutters would you assume you'll work 40 hours a week? There could be a week when you only get a few calls and some where you might work full time.
"we need to actually get the offense going "
At this point I'd let JJ throw a pass for shits and giggles
Mmhm
"Rruning my second account psn is Killersv503 "
practice makes perfect my man
"No, kids do not need something magical. I'm not getting into this. "
"[**@verizon**](https://twitter.com/verizon/)

&gt; [2016-01-07 22:13 UTC](https://twitter.com/verizon/status/685222757009866752)

&gt; @rubin110 Rubin, looking for a change? We'd like to think we're a good fit.  http://spr.ly/6017Bnq6l Tweet us to learn about switching.

----

[**@verizon**](https://twitter.com/verizon/)

&gt; [2016-01-08 00:49 UTC](https://twitter.com/verizon/status/685262018383900673)

&gt; @curiousgene Tired of getting the runaround? Here, quality service is standard. DM us for more info. http://spr.ly/6011BnqI5

&gt; \*OMV

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
"
Do you have a WiFi card in your machine?  If you don't have one then Windows won't give you WiFi options.
[removed]
I'm an agnostic that studied biblical studies in college. I do have a pretty good idea of what I'm talking about here. What about you?
"Still only two scores.  KC offense stalling.  Keep playing field position.  Either would have been a ""good"" choice"
"And ninja box on Mirage B site
"
"If that is the definition of gas lighting, then you can say that she is gaslighting him by telling him that what he thinks to be normal behaviour is weird.  No?  That's what makes the word so useless.

People have different ideas about what 'normal' is.  Asking somebody to explain a question and brushing it off isn't an attempt to manipulate and warp their perspective, it's a deflection at worst.  

Gaslighting, according to some, is when you intentionally lie about something or create a false reality in order to cause somebody to question their perspective and memory. He didn't do that.   Even if he had denied it, there is a huge difference between denial, or somebody trying to not get caught, and gaslighting.  Any time you lie you could be accused of gaslighting.  If somebody asks their SO ""Do you think I look fat in this?""  an the SO says ""No."" when they do in fact thing the other SO looks fat, that would technically be gaslighting.  No? 

If somebody wants to throw a wide net with that definition, you could say that you are gaslight me right now, or that alternately, I and gaslighting you.  The weird thing about perspectives is, we all have our own.  Thus, genuinely explaining our own perspective isn't an attempt to manipulate others, but an expression of our perspective.  Neither is rebuffing somebody who is questioning your perspective.  If we made the definition of gaslighting that broad, then ANY conversation shared between two people can be construed as gaslighting.  

It's just some lame buzz word people are using and it doesn't even have an agreed upon meaning, which makes it pretty useless as a term. 

""I accused my brother of being weird, he said 'what do you me?' and walked away. I was gaslighted.""   I don't see that as gas lighting.  I see that as her brother not wanting to be judged and defecting.

What do you think?  How have you see the term defined?  I'm legitimately curious.  I think it's absurd.  I don't say that to be contrary or argumentative.  I just find it totally useless.  I might sound harsh here, but I don't intend to be and I am legitimately curious as to how you (and others) define and use the word and how narrow or broad the definition goes.  

I look forward to your response.  Thanks!"
"Your chance of dying in a car accident (which is what I said) is 1 in 21? Lol, may want to hold off the insults and learn to read properly champ."
"haha, they change the EULA?"
"Oh, jeez. Just like plastic is the cause for people being obese. \*eyeroll*

Obesity is not caused by light or plastic or anything else, it is caused by a sedentary lifestyle coupled with a crappy diet.

I wonder what the next cause of obesity will be?"
That exchange rate though.
Preach it
There are way too many cuts in the U.S. version. It almost gave me a headache.
"99,998 Just cause 3 please, if not then world of warships
"
Doing it at night would have been way more effective. Also using a drill to puncture the ice. Also using a barbecue or cigarette lighter. Listen to me! I'm in the comments section! /s
"I think that's older than the matrix but it's true.  

My favorite character was the architect.  I loved the way he spoke and I loved the idea that he was just handling another eventuality when it comes to dealing with yet another human messiah.  It was like a zookeeper lamenting that he has to clean up monkey shit yet again.  


I do think it's neat to be here though.  If there is a dungeon master at the end of the level I will definitely want to smoke a spliff with him and have a conversation. "
"&gt;Like what?  
  
Like the easiest way to make sure you abolish harmful prostitution is the outlaw all prostitution.  
  
&gt;And so by extension, do you think that all shoes should be illegal to buy,  
  
Of course not. Only the ones made by slave children. I know you are gonna say ""but then only going to illegal prostitutes should be illegal"", but there is a big difference. We need shoes in our society, we don't need prostitution."
"Not mainstream generic medieval kingdom

OP sharpshooters to camp on castles

Awesome cities

Fighting mountain bandits and their hideouts is easy and fun

based count Nealcha"
"I've done something similar too on my friend's boat (a 64-footer), but using 2 weighted smaller boats, a reserve anchor &amp; ropes of course.  Never sailed a boat bigger than 64 ft. :( so I found this video quite  interesting.  I've never seen any catamaran owner ever doing something similar; I wonder.... "
Bring it back lololol
"Alright, thank you for the answers and clearing the confusion :)"
"I just choose based on whatever input they've given me.  If they don't want to make a choice, I will."
ALEX SMITH IS THE NEW JAMAAL CHARLES
"I really appreciate the input. I guess I just had in my head that it needed to be a ""telescope case."" Doesn't seem to be the case."
"yeah im assuming other people, being human beings, have brains; i think thats a pretty safe assumption. and other users on reddit could really just be computers, sure, but the question for me is whether theres a reason to believe that "
"Yep, and indeed those very two games were the reason I built my first retro games PC out of an old P4 tower I bought for £25 from eBay. Couldn't get them running under XP, let alone 7, although they just about work on 10 with the right combination of compatibility settings (neither works 100% properly even then though). I own a ridiculous amount of racing games, and grew up playing them."
"Alex ""Name of player known to run well"" Smith."
I doubt they would. They take their dogs to the school every day to crap on the lawn.
Sex with me
And then everyone can throw flags Kappa
"Low life wander no doubt about it "
"1st and 4, what a time to be alive."
Needs more choloepus
"U the same guy who got deleted 15 minutes ago? Who's profile you looked, I haven't made any posts on the subject:D Also, my account isn't brand new. Or are U a bot?"
Houston has been doing that crap to our defensive line all day.  BS
Was that 10 yds from the spot of the foul?
1420 ty for this :o
-69
"Sjow doesn't run either, check his stream rn for his list"
That garbage on the 2 yard line was a terrible call in any game in any universe
"change, yes we can. No mre fishy."
Was about to buy one when my pump went out but didn't want to rig it up so here I am using my second h80i with another in the box.
"True. But I feel like that sort of attitude would have clashed with ""The Process"". Idk.  "
"Hi there! Your post was removed because it uses the text box. Per [rule 1](/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-), use of the text box is prohibited. You can resubmit your post [here](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true&amp;title=What can I do prepare for a home inspection?) without the textbox.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Watts back must be sore from carrying the team to the playoffs. Needs to rest before the offense goes out again "
"""You don't seem like one, honestly"" she replied. ""You didn't get too afraid of me when I came here... It's okay, you're just... lazy, or you don't really want to, it's just that... I was the same way when I was younger, until I realized that without people I was nothing..."""
"I did the same thing as you - I like the 06 - 09 generation of Subarus better than the newer ones, I suggest you just wait a little bit, these cars pop up all the time in the market. "
"Infusion/tea bag are the same as far as I can tell.

And a detox? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! There's no such thing."
Congrats on finishing your collection.
"&gt;ツタヤ図書館というのは、つまりは、無料 Wifi 完備の無料勉強室へとすることなんだろう。

つまりその市からはもはや「図書館」は失わてしまったということで、マジレスするとこれほんとにゆゆしきことだと思う"
"As a Titans fan, welcome to the one yard short club. "
How many billy's you had today
"Same here! She's so fucking seductive, she's just playing with all of us!"
no
"Abridged makes it better though...

Muffin button?"
"I just listened to a podcast about Captain Planet this morning. "
"Oh yeah, I could definitely teach her. Make it like a secret language.

*She smiles.*

Not very many people here know how to sign."
"meh that book was informative, I'm not going to go looking for another Cox book to read anyway"
Nothing new. Still absolutely fucking infuriating.
I'm very happy that make YOU very happy!!
"they don't. don't listen to his propaganda. "
"Do you have OpenSSH installed? Install it if you don't. Then, install [Semi-Restore](https://semi-restore.com). I'm not sure if it'll restore the missing applications. If it doesn't, run Cydia Impactor (I know you ran it before. I'll try to find a fix for the error).


Oh, this may be a long shot, but can you check the iFile trash bin?"
[deleted]
Nobody caught him
"giggity
"
Thanks! I'm really excited to move forward with this next step with ICS.
"Might help if you didn't have a computer dug up from ancient Egypt "
"Good runs are still good but IMO pre heartharena a pro going 1-3 was completely unheard of. Even with bad decks I would always go at least 3 wins and I'm not good, but now since everybody has a spreadsheet telling them how to draft there are no free wins it's not uncommon to get &lt;3 wins.

Highs are still high but cheating 5 wins out with bad decks is almost impossible now so averages have dropped a lot. Heartharena has essentially deleted the bad from the arena, hasn't made much of a difference with the good ones. "
[deleted]
How can The Road be uplifting?
"Don't worry, if those Bears ever wear out, they're getting wall mounted next to the picture you drew and the travel ticket"
"A 175g tube of tomato puree (I'm in the UK, think it might have a different name in the states) plus 90ml water, few Italian herbs and garlic powder, plus your pureed veggies, and bam, plenty for at least 2 big pizzas "
"JJ's probably gonna tell the staff to cut off his legs so he can get back in "
thank you.
"LOL.  You know me, IDGAF.  In our company of 13K employees, there are roughly 300 IT folk that I work with (West and East Coast).  Of those 300, there are 5 of us who ride (weather permitting for the East Coast guys).  Of those 5, 2 of us ride HD, 1 metric guy, 1 sportbike guy, and 1 DUMBSHIT.  The dumbshit has two bikes.  One is a fucking abortion on wheels.  It has an automatic transmission.  I just stared at him and the bike.  He is a complete dumbass who should not be riding.  The guy who rides the metric and I talk bikes and riding often.  He told me that he was behind the dumbshit as he turned left into the company parking lot.  He said it was scary as fuck.  The guy and his bike stayed perfectly upright, like 90°, and he said it was like the guy made 20 little left turns instead of one easy left turn.  He said the guy almost ate it in the parking lot too.  The worst part is the guy thinks he can ride and he went out and bought himself something called ""the hammer"".  It is actually painted on the bike.  I think it is a Yamaha cruiser.  It has a huge motor and looks mean as hell.  It reminded me of a V-rod.  He was showing it to me and went to start it and I had to stop him as he was about to hit the start button and it was in gear.  Like I said, dumbshit.  I've been around the block a time or two and I had never even heard of a bike with an automatic transmission.  Abomination.  He said it was fun to ride.  I replied with ""so is your mom, but I don't let anyone see me do it in public.""  Everyone laffed, well, not him.  :)

So to answer your question:  no, I don't think so.  I think the nerds are happy playing with their computers and Star Wars action figures."
I fucking loved it
I also laughed. Upvote for you ✔️
"""Ize just weleased gas"""
"I strongly disagree with a move for Romo. That man is 35 years old and his body is falling apart rapidly. If I were going to start throwing around first round picks I'd at least go for someone younger. Or I'd see where Goff/Paxton/Wentz end up and go from there. If one of them ended up on Arizona, New Orleans, San Francisco, etc., I'd certainly jump at the opportunity to get them."
[deleted]
commander cc name:librivox type:audio link:www.librivox.org archive!
[deleted]
"What, so reddit can skewer them when it's not up on that particular day?"
That'd be a fine hypothesis if it wasn't for the fact that we export crude oil to places like Europe with higher gas prices.
"http://warframe.wikia.com/wiki/The_Proxy_Rebellion_Bonus_Weekend

While there isn't any in-game lore associated with it, this definitely happens. "
"[AnimalFans](https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalFans/comments/415sof/tiny_moth_olethreutes_sp_drying_its_wings_after/) | [Link To Original Submission](http://reddit.com/415s7j) 

______

^^^I ^^^Am ^^^A ^^^Bot. ^^^Please ^^^Message ^^^/u/FurSec ^^^if ^^^you ^^^have ^^^any ^^^feedback ^^^or ^^^suggestions."
"It's a steelseries Rival...
I never had this issure before..
It started to act wonky like 1 week ago...
Maybe I changed a setting or something.. Maybe SS program idk.."
While most everyone here has most likely already read CD you still really should use spoiler tags.
"I would warn you of the terrors that await, but you've been lurking, so you should be fine. Just be careful not to join [the dark side.](https://discord.gg/0ipCPX9mAwCvUH1e)"
"The original poster would have gotten a lot more support is she said what you said. Her complaint (the facebook person,  not OP) probably should have been 'wearing lingerie and being attractive doesn't make something a costume'. But it wasn't, and she went off into verbal garbage territory and ended up being non nonsensical."
I max at 311. My TOM is at 310 and spindle is around 308.
"Pakko kysyä, kun en ole yhteenkään uutiseen törmännyt, että onko näistä katupartioista toistaiseksi ollut jotakin haittaa? Haitaksi ei lasketa iltapaska/hs:n galluppeja, joissa 50% vihreistä sanoo turvallisuudentunteensa laskeneen katupartioiden myötä. Eivät varmana ole edes törmänneet yhteenkään.

En siis todellakaan kannata näitä, mutta hirveä älämölö asiasta, josta ei kuitenkaan ole konkreettisesti haittaa irronnut (ainakaan nykyisten tietojeni mukaan).

Vähänkuin kaikki pakolaiset tuomittaisiin ilman että yksikään on tehnyt mitään pahaa. Muttakun turvallisuuden tunne on laskenut. Tästä meillä on sentään tiukkaa faktaa, että asioita on tapahtunut, mutta reaktio on pelkkää hyssyttelyä verrattuna tähän halooseen mikä näistä katupartioista on lähtenyt.

pakollinen spudro kuva, koska onhan koko paska aika naurettava: http://imgur.com/GwGakDR"
Thanks so much.
"No kidding, or at least some football hooligans, the European equivalent."
"Sorry, I'm misremembering. You checked a few of the edits, not made them - http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/index.php?title=No_Dice_Gaming&amp;offset=&amp;limit=500&amp;action=history"
I can get behind that.
"I had the same thought! Wasn't her name Numa? "
"For this week I decided to do some Greek-inspired dishes instead of something traditionally Greek. And that’s how I wound up with a quesadilla and meatballs, complete with a lemon-dill dip. I’m trying to get back into calories counting, so I made sure to keep these light and healthy so I could eat something wickedly tasty afterwards. ;)

The filling inside the quesadilla consisted of roasted red peppers, Kalamata olives, fresh dill, feta, and mozzarella. The chicken meatballs included dried mint, fresh dill, onion, dried oregano, garlic, panko crumbs, and an egg. At first the meatballs came out like sad little gray blobs when I took them out of the oven, but then I browned them in a cast iron and all was well. The dip was Greek yogurt, dill, lemon, and feta cheese crumbles… yummy!

I could see myself making these meatballs for a potluck, complete with the dip! The quesadillas, maybe if I am hosting something since they don’t stay too melty for too long. All in all however, I would definitely recommend both of these dishes!

___________


Recipes:
 
[Greek Quesadilla](http://www.mezzetta.com/recipes/detail/greek-quesadilla)
 
[Greek Chicken Meatballs](http://foxeslovelemons.com/greek-chicken-meatballs/)
"
[removed]
"Just to add, 64% of moviegoers are white. Clearly the industry is specifically catering to the demographic that brings in the money.  That results in main characters being white, because popular movies often aim for the protagonist to be someone the viewer identifies with. 

Not saying that's the way it should be,  but that's how it is. Sorry for the whole link, on mobile: http://www.nielsen.com/us/en/insights/news/2013/popcorn-people-profiles-of-the-u-s-moviegoer-audience.html"
"Good luck everyone! Got some student loans to take care of so I wouldn't mind winning :p. "
"Actually, not too far off. During the initial pandemic, Cuba took HIV... a little too seriously. They quarantined anyone who was diagnosed to internment camps. Ironically, because of the stigma of HIV, few people wanted to get involved with actually policing the interior of the camps. As long as you didnt try to escape, you could do what you wanted in there. So a lot of political dissidents purposefully infected themselves with HIV in order to become ""untouchable"" by the hard hand of the Castro regime.

Naturally, when you cram a bunch of HIV+ people together in a space where they all know that everyone there is already positive, there's gonna be some fucking. 

Ok, a lot of fucking. And very few condoms.

So Cuba has recently discovered that due to extensive cross infection between the various strains of HIV,  they're now dealing with new strains that are highly aggressive, progressing to AIDS in three years or less. 

So tl;dr: a repressive communist government created Super AIDS."
He was basically the only player who anyone knew if they didn't really follow the league back then. Atleast from my experience
So your saying that he just wants to do something with his time now?
Headshot multipliers are extremely insignificant with like 10% increased damage. It's pretty much always going to be the same amount of bullets.
First love.  You are completely open to the other person and let yourself fall without reservation or fear of being hurt.
Not Boys Club!?
"To be fair though, Shakespeare is an over-praised author. His works are mediocre at best and does not deserve to be praised as the god of literature English teachers make him out to be."
"\#allredheadsmatter "
"""Hmm. Well, *did you know* that out King Magneto was actually an Auschwitz survivor? *Did you know* that there *are* camps out there specifically how you describe, but for mutants? *Did. You. Know.* That I'm getting tired of saying 'did you know'? Did you know that I didn't mean that at all, and I meant we should have out own countries and cities, not mingle together. I never said anything about camps, I never said anything about patches. That was all on you.""

*He smirks slightly.*

""But as for them being inferior... genetically, and as a species... they are. It's fact. We are them, but more. Just saying it how it is. BUT!""

*He raises a finger.*

""I'm tired of talking about this because I have a feeling this argument could go on for a long time. So... what's your power, then?"""
"When your paychecks start getting deposited. "
"Try clockblocker, stops the downclocking the new drivers seem to be full of.  Made many of my games much smoother."
oh no eugenius
[deleted]
Nope. Your hair is yummy.
"Macromeez website is down, did they close? Where can I get this software?

And does the DJ have to provide the projector at a club/venue?"
John Brown.
[deleted]
"*Gator is in the Entralink, heading back to the apartment buildings after a long walk.*

Fennel? Can you hear me?

/u/redwings1340"
He was. Satisfied?
"Try it out yourself, the delay is still noticeable."
"If other companies realized how easy an active community can make their lives, Valve would have some competition. "
"Pick your team from over 35 English and Scottish teams (more teams coming soon) and follow their results, league position, news, and more.

UWP app runs on all Windows 10 phones, PCs, and tablets."
You look very cool. Ricky's got a cute face.
"Not European, but I'd love to swap with you. I'm from Maryland "
"Of course technology like this could be dangerous if handled poorly, but we might have a chance for a future in which automation allows the human race to move on to bigger and better things than just staying alive?"
"It doesn't flex. "
"So we can just be against things our taxes are being used to pay for and that's a legitimate argument to not pay them? "
I like your purple friend
Oh ok. I can see how that would seem fucked up. I meant the first check.  Thank you
"[](/NotSureIfSeriousTrixie) Trix-

[](/sp)

*fwooooosh* *fwooooosh* * fwooooosh*

[](/twisexface) [](/twisexface) [](/twisexface) Would *this* make it easier for you?

[](/sp)

[](/blushingtrixie) Um, well, that is to say, Trixie -

[](/sp)

[](/twitrix-r) *One of the changelings grabs Trixie and pulls her into a long, deep kiss, while the other two approach and begin massaging Trixie with their hooves and lightly brushing their wings over her sides*"
I'd say both Kickass and Wanted fit the bill.
"But 16 is a bit ludicrous.

You can't sell it to anyone..."
"I closed the bedroom doors so I didn't give her complete access. I have an eight year old. The thought of her choking on a Lego scares me so his door stays closed or gets gated if he wants it open. 

I don't work outside the home so she's never really been left crated for more than a couple of hours, but I'd rather get rid of it entirely. "
"Check the URL: it pretty much shows you what the game is about.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyN-Nl-SaDA&amp;ab_channel=IGN
"
"Snapchat's stupid creator made more money with his stupid app than all what you ever gonna make in your entire life... "
"When people are held back by society and not allowed to choose their paths, something is wrong.  You can quit with the cultural relativism."
Left you a review! Have a nice day! x3
"As this is still being actively studied there isn't yet a real answer to this question, merely speculation"
You're obviously a troll because only a troll would ignore facts.
"I see Ospreay, Scurll, ZSJ and Havoc, who is the one with his face covered? Magnus?"
"it all depends on what NX is. if it's just a slightly more powerful console that maintains parity with current gen competitors, then yeah no one is really going to care. However if it is a beast of a device and has some solid peripherals and features then they might have something special."
"Charlie and his dyslexia. First episode of the season when he said Brazil wrong I couldn't stop laughing "
"You're the real MVP "
"IANAL- I have a question for anyone who is that reads this. So can this OP get a marital agreement? Given that they are in relationship/financial crisis, can it be challenged later and considered coerced? What about a trust fund for the kids?"
Fact!
"People can block whoever they wan't. But Randi Harper intended the blockbot to also be used as an employment blacklist, since it is based on who you follow (Milo), and not if you actually harassed anyone. She was trying to shut people out based on their political views.

http://leopirate.com/image/107149695809"
because if it was a guy they'd be seen as perverse
"I doubt it. It leaves one division without a champ, another facing having a potentially unpopular champ that doesn't sell PPVs and often pulls out of fights. "
Exactly
"Which is... True? "
"I like alcohol too, and being alone drinking alcohol is very nice. It's actually called substance abuse. I do it regularly after a long day of work. As long as you aren't suicidal, or depressed, alcohol is fine.

It appears your issue is more anxiety related. If you want advice, read this: If you surround yourself with friends, chances are you're clouding the idea that hanging out with friends is worthwhile. Being with too many people, the novelty of being with friends has worn off. This might be why you feel lonely or empty around friends.

When you come home alone to regain your energy, my immediate thought is that you're an introvert. Take some time to analyze the interactions with your friends. Think about the next time you guys will hang out, what activities you'll do, all that stuff. It will make you more involved with the hangout, and will help you feel less lonely once you're there. Just my thoughts! Let me know what you think."
[removed]
"This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark (""?"") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
No. I don't give a fuck about John Scott. Who cares? It was embarrassing that the fans decided to make a joke out of the NHL by voting an awful player in.
Ahh fair enough. Canada is the same as the UK thought isn't it? Cheers for clearing that up though.
"something like this
http://zenminded.uk/collections/saucers"
"The Ben Speirs mix packs are pretty good, beginner friendly, and less weaboo than a lot of packs."
Idk if I should focus on magic school and yggdrasil or just do a draw for a Sr or Ur
"Welcome to launch day "
"I think you're not looking at it in the full context. People don't make decisions independent of culture. Women aren't being encouraged to join STEM fields for the sake of having more women, they're being encouraged because of how long they were discouraged from it. Women who would have made brilliant scientists or engineers are choosing more traditional career paths because they don't feel welcome, while mediocre male scientists are taking those slots because the culture has taught them to feel entitled to them. "
http://www.tube8.com/lesbian/awesome-lesbians-show/27018331/
/r/bigdickproblems
I think that's one of them.. with the overly stereotypical Irish people?. But there's 3 or 4 episodes where they mention gene pools (no pun intended) or the lack of a sufficiently diverse one.
"I think all the madness from today was just trying to acquire a piece needed for the trade. Probably went something like this.

&gt;Bergevin: Hey I want Drouin

&gt;Yzerman: I want a top 4ish defenseman included, but you don't have one you're willing to trade or can be traded (referring to Emelin's NTC)

&gt;Bergevin: K one sec

&gt;Bergevin: Hey gimme a top 4-5 D

&gt;Poile: I want one in return

&gt;Bergevin: K one sec

&gt;Bergevin: Hey gimme a top 4-5 D

&gt;Maloney: K gimme Tinordi

&gt;Bergevin: Tough price, hand me your all star too

&gt;Maloney: Ah good, the leagues been asking me to trade him so he won't go to the ASG

&gt;Bergevin: cool cool

&gt;Poile: Hey I see you have that D I asked for

&gt;Bergevin: cool cool

&gt;Yzerman: Ok now we can negotiate, I want a first and some other shit too

&gt;Bergevin: http://i.imgur.com/YFgbmP9.png
"
"&gt; https://store.eu.square-enix.com/emea_europe/games/pc-windows-download/Omikron-The-Nomad-Soul.php

Does that work in EU? "
"Because traffic is becoming more of an issue, are there any plans to provide incentives for commuters to use public transit? Or to make it more affordable? I'm concerned that RTD has continued to raise their prices again and again, now I'm paying $170 for a monthly pass to commute. It's great that they're adding new light rail lines, especially the one to the airport, but when you consider the lowering cost of gas, it seems like they're not providing any incentive to use their service. Denver is becoming a more and more expensive place to live, and there are some out there who depend on public transit to be affordable because they don't have access to a vehicle; how do you plan to protect those most vulnerable to the rising costs of transportation?"
[removed]
You could fry up some pot-stickers with all that grease on her nose.
"Of his 2013 plan, he has yet to release his updated plan"
"My friend, I've been in IT for 20 years and customer support, while people had it, is something we all have to go through. We need those ""people skills"" as it helps us deal with no only customers and clients, but also our team members and helps defuse ""sticky"" situations."
That all women between...oh pretty much the ages of 20 and 50...that are dating are looking to get married and have babies asap. Or faster.
Make sure the dark sand has round grains - otherwise it would end pretty painful for the sensitive bartels of the corys.
[deleted]
"Sadly the matchmaking system for low level players is absolutely horrible. The only thing you can do is just play, lose most games and eventually your matchmaking rating will catch up to where you belong and the game will get more enjoyable.

Its a grueling process getting there though, I almost quit many times when I just hit level 30 because of it.
"
I made it back to the states unscathed
"""They're light side. I'm dark side. Do they really need a reason to hate me?"" Rakim took a deep breath. ""The first Jedi I had the gall to trust ended up trying to kill me. The next one *severed me from the force* in the name of mercy!""

He spit the last word out like a curse. 

""I'm not interested in seeing what else they have in store for me."""
"When I was in college they opened for an old favorite of mine, MAE. When the lead singer came on, he gave sort of a cheesy, ""Hey, let's have the best night of our lives, guys.""

I was like, ""OK, buddy, thanks for the tip."" But over time they became one of my favorite punk bands of the 2000's. Dance Dance Christa Paffgen!"
"I only know the pluck method, which is:

1) Have no pikmin, pluck a pikmin so that it lands on a platform

2) There's a (3?) frame window when it looks like the pikmin is landing on the platform. You can input any smash and it'll do it.

I'm not sure about grabs, that would be epic. I'll check it in the lab. EDIT: Nope, no grabs."
Josh Pan - Real Life
That's a disturbing trend. The guys who wrecked the system last time are writing the rules. We should break them up.
"while I hate OSHA, mainly having to go through the training...all those hours I'll never get back, I have to agree. While they can be a pain, they do mean to protect you the worker"
Temporarily...
"Lister, not Liston. Liston was a heavy-weight boxing champ."
"Obviously as this mmo continues to grow, new sets will be introduced, new mechanics will be introduced, new everything will be introduced. Why would one assume the devs would change only some things but keep other things the same? 

Perhaps they will change how weapons work. Perhaps they'll change how set bonuses work. As it is now though, one extra set bonus really is hardly noticeable, much less significant. Thus, those who make such decisions have seen no need to change this 1 bonus per item rule. This power creep is not noteworthy as of yet. With upcoming changes, it may very well never be prevalent. This mmo has broken away from several other typical mmo mechanics so who knows what's in store?"
"Nice but too masculine, kraken is female. "
did you try to take blurry screenshots of a gun? try setting **mat_proxy 0**
"This whole issue is much, much more complicated than you or anyone else in this thread seems to understand.

This is not as simple as ""rich bad men decided to poison people to save money"".

You have to understand that the entire reason why Flint as a city switched away from Detroit's water supply in the first place is because Flint has no money and couldn't afford what Detroit was charging. Flint is a very poor city, so it really shouldn't come as any surprise that Flint didn't have the money to replace all the water pipes in the city. That would be enormously expensive, requiring money the city simply didn't have.

So did people fuck up? Yeah. Should they lose their jobs? Yeah, probably. But it's a LOT more complicated than people think, and it is most certainly not a case of people cutting corners out of greed, they're cutting corners because the city has literally no money."
"Even worse is when you're training a new coworker on a fairly dangerous product, walk them through everything they need to do to test it safely, then turn to your own test bench and proceed to use the 208-3phase suicide cord instead of the 120v one you just handed to them. 

I felt like an idiot.  He needed to change his pants.  Welcome to your first day!"
"I found that looking at pictures/videos of porn was a way for me to escape by getting a hit off of dopamine.  I find that it doesn't take much to trigger a dopamine hit especially if I have a good amount of sobriety.  If I'm browsing through images, even if they don't involve sex, I have to ask myself why I am doing it?  If it brings me a dopamine hit then I know that I want to avoid that, my brain can try to trick me by justifying that sex isn't involved, but my experience has been that it has lead me to downfall."
"That's not really true though.  They actually don't have that much in the way of resources. That's why their traditional cuisine is fish, dried fish, and pickled fish. It's kind of neat they were able to overcome an environment much less hospitable to humans, (In terms of workable land, and how much of the year the land could be farmed) than most other inhabited places of the world, and do it with gusto. To me they seem a very good example of both success and progress. "
"I agree totally here, also Canadian. Yeah, something should be done about ISIS, but there's a right way and a wrong way."
Well a scary scream in a dark hospital hallway can scare you and stun you even in real life (cuz of the freez flight fight response). So it dosn't have to be a mutant zombie in order get stuned.
Youre right
"Your standards are completely reasonable. Maybe it's the city you're in? Are you in a really small town with a lower % of people with graduate degrees? I agree that it's not the degree that matters, but the EXPERIENCE that comes with it, and therefore the conversational level"
"Top 4, as a matter of fact. Its cool to see all of the MOTHER games trailing behind Minecraft. "
"Sorry, it appears your continued fallacies still aren't an argument.

Feel free to come back and counter what has been shown though."
"Phone costed 600, are you dumb?"
Got drunk and wanted to go outside and shoot his gun into the air. His roommate and I had to wrangle him to the ground and threaten to lock him in his room to get him to stop. We broke up pretty quickly after that...
Damien Echols. Not sure how I feel about this.
"Cool, thanks!:)"
That's a pretty ridiculous statement.
"What the fuck ever happened to tickets being sold and people buying them.

What the fuck is StubHub.

Why does these fucking things exist. "
"I'd rather be a Seahawks fan too. "
"True. Some people do not enjoy coming off like a complete dick, others do. Different strokes!"
"I was surprised that nobody had taken Nynaeve yet too.  Nynaeve is the person who helped seal the Bore again, helped cleanse *saidin*, and can Heal everything short of death. She's gonna be more legendary than Cadsuane or Moirane by time she's done. And she gets to be Queen of Malkier with Lan, one of the most epic badasses in the history of the Wheel. He's gonna be bound to the Horn of Valere for certain when he dies. If anyone gets a ""happily ever after"" it's Nynaeve."
"You seem like the most level-headed Arsenal fan here. You mind telling your compatriots to take it easy with the downvotes? I mean, your joke is good, but the champions league joke is way better."
"I think you're underestimating Mango. Armada has a really hard time fighting Jigglypuff with his Peach, and Mango's puff used to be the best in the world. I don't think they've ever played the matchup, and one of the biggest reasons Armada picked up Fox is so he wouldn't have to go Peach Puff anymore."
Yes! Glad someone else saw that haha
"**My recommendations:**

Corpus - Bring weapons modded for straight toxin. Have a mag prime in the group to spam Shield Polarize ( Should end up being 50%+ of the groups damage). Have a quick weapon to deal with nullifiers asap. Then I personally kill the flying drones that drop the AoE blue damage ring (Osprey?) 

Grineer - Bring Corrosive Projection auras for a total of 100% armor reduction. Mod for straight viral. I personally love Radial Disarm Loki here. Kill Heavy Gunners, Napalms, etc quick (The big/tall guys).

Infested - Mod for Corrosive/~~Viral~~ (Braindead5 credit), recommend slow nova in group. I think they run faster as they level? Kill the Ancients quick, they provide allies a damage reduction aura. If you notice your damage goes down the drain, there's one of these near. 

Orokin - Corrosive Projection auras again, Mod for Viral.  Nullifiers need to die asap, then Ancients, followed by Heavy Gunner/Bombard. 

Squad composition varies with strat, just have fun. Anyone feel free to correct anything or add

**My most used for end game:**

Primary - Tonkor, Dread (Have not used R. Cernos, heard its good), Sancti Tigris

Secondary - Sonicor (Decent damage but AMAZING CC), Vaykor Marelok (Good damage/High Status/Easy to shoot)

Melee - I personally die too much attempting melee on high level stuff, but War with Valkyr is popular  

Edit: I edited stuff 
"
"Is there a hormonal option for men?  Suppressing production of sperm is a lot different from 'killing' them.  Female birth control is hormonal. "
And I'd love myself a lead and japonium sandwich!
"Not a yank here. Can confirm that 7 billion people have no idea who he is. "
Being overweight in Walmart with visible poopstains soaking through the sweatpants wedged up into the ass-crack is a turnoff
"The overbust I got was [this one](http://www.ebay.com/itm/NEW-MCC-22-BLACK-LEATHER-OVERBUST-STEEL-BONED-TIGHTLACING-CORSET-MYSTIC-CITY-/272001492604). I don't wear it as often because I live in rural Kentucky and people would likely have heart attacks in the street seeing it but its fine to breath in. I don't know if your closer to my size or smaller but I personally found that the only change I saw in my body was that the fat on my stomach was rearranged into something that ultimately resembled an hourglass figure. For a couple of days my waist does appear somewhat smaller if I don't wear it but after that  it does decompress and go back to the way it was so the only time you can actually see it. I've seen other people say the same thing about themselves so I take it as a norm. 

I liked orchard corset for what it was and it was certainly much better than the ones I ordered from corset-story (cringe) when I first started buying corsets. I still wear a couple of them; I just prefer the curvier (and meshier) mystic city corsets.

"
[removed]
"Just to clarify, he wasn't picking up anyone he shouldn't have been.
Just female Councillors and LIT's. 
I mean, I wouldn't let him around my nieces and nephews but mostly for safety issues and less for statutory rapey issues."
"The other issue we have is the fact that using a D6 for saves does not rule out luck at all when dealing with 2+ armor saves. Getting 1s, while statsitically not likely on a D6, is still a thing that can happen. Getting a lot of 1s can completely ruin a player like Grey Knights, who rely on 2+ armor saves for most of their army. 

The dice we use does not really represent the armor very well in this game. Infinity, IIRC, uses D20s to represent armor saves, or something like that. The table is more than 6 numbers, so models that have strong saves, have ***strong*** saves. "
" you are very welcome, it was my privilege to help you today. "
XxChaosADxX 315Warlock
"I'm amazed it did enough DMG to kill Ez, I always forget about the secondary DMG of the kick (+ 12 / 15 / 18% of kicked target's bonus health)."
"I thought it was called ""the Dutch Disease."""
Here is the full article with lots more info: http://www.gamersnexus.net/news-pc/2258-evga-quick-disconnect-980-ti-case-and-vr-card
You mean they haven't been re-releasing Nirvana albums that have sold?
Suzyness warlock 304
[Heyooooo!](http://i.imgur.com/YAoxsPq.gif)
"Yea
"
"~~If the Devils win, Schneider will have beaten all 30 current NHL teams.~~

~~We can't let this happen...~~

I'm an idiot"
"What the other guy said, expressions and Mel would be hard pressed to have an easy and succinct way of accessing component our surface info without some plugin based or pointonsurfaceinfo nodes to solve some harder stuff.  Either that or it could be a very heavy performance hit. Unless there's something I don't know of..."
"its not a bug, it wasnt the chain that stunned him, it ws the bard q"
Exactly what I was thinking as I read it
"Multi trap is not needed imo especially for atziri fight. For this build you want focus on support gems that give ""more damage"" so we can do insane damage, and use abyss cry to clear the map. But, multi trap will not affect this build, you can try that for sure.  "
"how about some good old fashioned industrial espionage?  destroy their capability to make war.  

it shouldnt be hard, NK is only one bad harvest away from famine every single year."
Thank you
It will be worth it to tho
[removed]
"Found FVJs, where can I get green lime ones

http://www.ebay.com/itm/50pcs-7-2cm-Toy-Gun-Refill-Darts-Bullet-for-Nerf-N-strike-Series-Blasters-New-/121511352959?hash=item1c4aa41a7f:g:gagAAOSwQJhUhUoT"
Try their embassy's website.
"No, I'm an exhijabi now, but I was a closet ex-moose hijab ~4yrs prior. It was not cool at all, I hated almost every moment of it lool."
"Yeah, for the first year you could work out in the gym at Holiday Inn and be happy with the results. "
"To be fair, this isn't really a fashion question."
As someone with no money to begin with those fastballs pretty much are just kicks to the balls.
"You see the relevant thing is that I get kills in 6 seconds.thats one chimaera shot and two aimed shots. Assuming that all of them crit, none are interrupted and I don't get stunned I will deal 300k damage.That's enough to kill someone wearing full dungeon gear. Oh yea and all these together have a lower chance than 1 %. It is not a fight I can win against someone wearing even lfr gear due to lack of damage."
"I thought it was a reddit post but I see your point. Thank you very much regardless. "
"They were made in colors for men too. :) Just kidding. Welcome to the club!!! Keep it clean and unmolested, it will treat you well. "
"Gory Blister is an absolute essential Italian band, I'd also add Septycal Gorge, Putridity, Bloodtruth, Cripple Bastards, Devangelic, Vomit the Soul, Ad Nauseam, Blasphemer, and Blasphemophager. Great list!"
"Yeah it's not like there is double xp for the next like 6 weekends
"
Or WWE could stick half of their signed talent in NXT underpaid and the other half on the main roster misused.
16
"Pro: Freedom  
  
Con: *freedom*"
UCLA is the rich man's Ohio State.
"there is a 0,01 gut black pearl, here on reddit, on sale for 80keys. upvoted."
"Best Breakdowns: Parkways Drive

Best Cleans: Miss May I and Devil Wears Prada probably"
That's exactly what you should expect to see since almost all stars are main sequence stars. Input a larger search radius and then sort by class if you want to find others. Or just click on stars in the sky at random and see what you find.
"&gt; we implemented a share to reddit button for a reason yo.

Exactly my thoughts, this rule change would prevent that being an option."
3rd Sent!
Are you saying that Python is Porche? Pretty bold I would say fir that old slowie.
"In this game yeah but not overall, still one of my favorite and best carries, in pub he's still good because it requires coordination to counter him past early game."
True.  Feminism is a far more fascist movement than this post implies.
"Bill is absolutely a liberal. Hell, he's the most typical type of straight white male liberal - the brogressive."
he was there a year later after being found guilty of disseminating and producing  child porn?  Even an officially recognised learning disability would not have allowed that.  is there a link to this case?  it would have been fairly high profile.
"Hey /u/HamsterHawk, you are posting here too often!
We currently allow 3 sale posts per day. You can read the rules here:
 https://www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules.

-------------------------------------------------

^^^^Interested ^^^^in ^^^^your ^^^^own ^^^^bot? ^^^^Click ^^^^[here](https://www.reddit.com/r/buyabot/) ^^^^to ^^^^get ^^^^started."
"Oh I feel bad now, I was slightly mad at that guy because trico_tim was ghosted out at one point, but now from his pov it didn't seem like he was at the time :/"
"Wow. 


Because I don't want to, I've got mental health issues that I'm trying my hardest to deal with, going to the people whose JOB it is to help people in those situations. "
American
What part of ny? I have a black realforce pbt space
People can't say anything against FGM on Reddit without a slew of people coming on and saying male circumcision is just as bad and should be banned. It's ridiculous. They're not the same thing.
"Dawkins gives my favourite ELI5 answer to this: 

*""Monkey's live up trees. It's quite a useful thing to be a monkey if you live in a tree.""*"
few miles from maidstone
"Why does every scene I've ever seen from that show make me go ""why the fuck did people like this crap?"". It's a show for kids who like to draw dicks on bathroom stall walls."
It then asked me to restart and when I restarted it came up with that error message.
"Water is wet. "
"I meant $800 base rent plus utilities. I plan on living paycheque to paycheque anyway, unfortunately. I just wanted to know if it was possible at all. Also, I live in Canada, so I'm not worried about medical bills."
"Bro, your not even a mod."
"lvl 11 and I accidentally stumbled into Verda Woodlands... then ""escaped"" the purple golem by running into the Devilfire Grove. That would probably be ""safe"", I thought. And then a huge drake chased me. Into, you guessed it... the cave. The nice cave with the ogres. :') And I love it."
Alphabet
"God I hate when title wins are reversed "
"I thank you for your comment and your well thought post however I yet again digress to explain that this is another fairytale. I do not act desperate when interacting with women.

Abundance mentality = lie to yourself and brainwash yourself to believe you are in a harem of models, getting sex on a daily basis. If this worked I would have had sex with over 100 girls last year. "
"My shengshou does it worse! One layer will have 3 pieces, the other 7"
Maybe you should be 14 alcohols deep than....and keep moving..
"*She could see the shell covering the mouth was cracked badly, but was unable to see inside.*"
Deport to where though
[removed]
"you only weaned off for a week with the 37.5? I'm no doctor but have gone off that garbage twice in my life so far and just WOW! No other drug in the world can make you feel the withdrawals those antidepressants give you IMO. I don't have any experience with tramadol though so I can't give any advice other than sleep. If I had to make an impulsive decision though I'd probably get back on the 37.5 schedule asap and wean down slower but I don't know shit. "
"I was wondering why someone would idolize Kirito but then I realized that he lives the exact life they want; have a *harem of teenage girls including your adoptive sister, a elf/fairy/some bullshit waifu and spends most his time in a video game. 

I hate myself for watching SAO season 2. "
*6 days ago*
OH HAI WE MADE THAT FOR DINNER TOO!
"Thanks, I might have to try that!"
The New Republic that's now canon doesn't really interest me as much as the Old Republic. I want a cartoon based on KotOR. I've been playing the first game and I've been taking my time doing all the sidequests and stuff. I'm still on Taris but goddamn is it interesting.
"You don't understand how powerful LG is. The only team(s) standing in their way is fnatic, and maybe Na`Vi. After their performance at DreamHack Winter 2015 with their new roster I knew they were going to be a top team internationally. That match on inferno versus TSM (I think, it may have been Fnatic. Not sure if it was versus Fnatic in the Finals or TSM previous to that) was the most insane Counter Strike match I had ever seen. "
"First I've heard of something like that mentioned in relation to Emmerich's reboot, but it would be interesting.  I don't think that was a part of his original trilogy idea, so could be taken as a nod to the TV franchise lore, which so far as I know is responsible for introducing the various Goa'uld cultures."
"Since you know he will go the distance to prove himself right, you would be better served by telling him the probability is low, but he can try. If he slips one under the goalie, you can always say that you said it was improbable but not impossible.

Right now you are at risk of losing since you stuck to your guns about his chances being 0% and he might prove you wrong."
A used car salesman would have a field day with you. They'd be laughing all the way to the bank. I'm selling some cure all snake oil. I'm sure you'd be interested in. Lol
"Looking good as always! Side note, my beard aspires to be like yours. "
http://imgur.com/a/u9zEs
"With no way to confirm, my guess is as good as your guess, which begs the question, how can your view be changed with out knowing the actually motives?"
"Remember that while the Patriots, and the System they created, are destroyed the world still relies on a corrupt military-industrial complex. I think the best way to present the world post-MGR is that while it avoided the tyranny of the Patriots, and the Orwellian mass implementation of SOP to create universal control by JD, the world is still a wartorn and fragile place. 

With the idea of single operators replacing mass armies (Rising) you have an ironic reversal of Big Boss' dream, a world in which soldiers are highly prized but rare and individualistic. By the end I wouldn't be surprised if individual large countries have specific 'avatars' (cyborgs that fight exclusively for them) while PMCs/footsoldiers become little more than cannon fodder to fuel the War Economy, with *real* warfare being controlled by the actions of those operators. In a sense, war moved from being a business, to being a tournament.

In terms of the actual 'weapons development' that always drives MGS stories, I guess a 'true' AI and sentient androids that could cheaply/efficiently replace humans would be a possible next step.

That's me clutching at straws tbh (though I'll admit I haven't played Rising save the first stage). While I'd be interested in an 'advanced warfare' style leap to the future, I doubt we'll see anything else come from the series post MGS4, which isn't bad, just not what the series is able to present best."
My heart goes out to you. If you ever wanna talk shit just pm me xx
"""Right, sorry...Name's Ori.""

*He turns to face Tess. He sees she's in a bad way, and decides not to shake for her sake so she could stay upright.*

""Ori Silos. You?"""
"I'm 99% sure it's referencing the movie [""Airplane!""](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrZlWw8Di10)."
How do you prevent muscle atrophy with the lack of gravity?
"A standard flight stick is much louder. I have a cherry blue and brown keyboards and my fightstick buttons were significantly louder than either and I don't really mash that much.

I switched the buttons out for sanwa silent and switched over the micro switches in the sanwa stick to some black zippy switches (only about £1 each, but you do need a harnness for them) then packed the inside of the fightstick case with foam. 

Now the volume is down to levels where my girlfriend will no longer complain when shes in the same room."
"&gt; **Be disrespectful to your master if you haven't already, it's hilarious :D**

- - - -

I'll leave [**this**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiPbS63tCE4) here... Mind the spoilers, if you haven't finished the SW class story yet. ;)"
Nice recommendation. I've seen them in the store too but was always a little suspicious because that seems so cheap. Is a packet enough for two?
Came across a forum thread addressing exactly this: http://forum.unity3d.com/threads/tutorial-making-your-webgl-game-go-live-using-dropbox.376471/
"Per [rule 3.3](https://www.reddit.com/r/Books/wiki/rules), please post book recommendation requests in /r/SuggestMeABook or in our Weekly Recommendation Thread."
&gt;Dank Spartan 27
https://youtu.be/Ld5XBsB5q8M
"If the atmosphere at Old Trafford was a scoreline, it would be 0-0 

"
The movie garden state has a similar premise to your situation. Maybe it can help you relate?
Thanks! Can u elaborate on the 14 year old makeup thing ? Does it look like I'm 14 or a 14 year old did my makeup?
"Went with a walmart "
Please send me one if you have it
"You're not shadowbanned.

You can prove that to yourself by clicking your own username to go to your overview then logging out. You should still see your overview. If you were shadowbanned, it would go to [Reddit's 404 page](http://www.reddit.com/user/healthyyi).

If you're asking because something you posted isn't showing up in /r/&lt;subreddit&gt;/new, (or in your overview *when you log out*) [click here](http://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq#wiki_why_don.27t_my_submissions_show_up_on_the_new_page.3F) to learn  the procedure for dealing with the spam filter.

**Do not delete &amp; resubmit your posts** as this will train the spam filter to continue doing this. You may have to repeat the procedure until the spam filter learns that your posts are okay.

*If this doesn't help explain the trouble you're having, first check out [Reddit's FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/help/wiki/faq) or consider posting in /r/help.*
"
" "" Yeah. Dead one day, threatening to kill me the next."""
http://espn.go.com/blog/marc-stein/post/_/id/3896/lebrons-handling-of-blatt-unbecoming
"What sort of work?

First Project Based seems terrible regardless of industry. Unless your solely responsible for EVERYTHING and the agreement is air tight a 3 month project could turn into a 4,6,9,12 month project. 

Salary and Hourly are roughly the same depends on the other compensation factors like benefits, overtime and so forth. Overtime expectations should be your biggest sticking point, if its salary with unpaid overtime your better off going with hourly.

Answer: There is no ""best"" you need to weigh the pro/cons of both and decide for yourself. 

If you have to ask, Project Based work is likely a trap and I have to ask why a company would ever provide that option in the first place."
"Don't know the exact source but it's definitely [Julia](http://www.boobpedia.com/boobs/Julia_\(AV_idol\))

Edit: Found it [REBD-099](http://img.javpub.me/bige6c4f0f102b2b1061ce122c972b0b6d1.jpg) 

[Streaming link](http://www.dinojav.com/jav-rebd-099-julia5-goddess-of-smile-beauty-of-perfection-julia.html) USE ADBLOCK gif starts around 22 min mark"
"Wow, I made it through hundreds of posts, but this is the one that did it for me. Bye, reddit. See you tomarrow. "
what does the bowl remind you of? start from there
"Not white, also think you're wrong."
Great pass from Joao Mario!
"No matter how tough or skilled you believe you are there is always going to be someone better.

I do agree on not letting fear run your life or prevent you from doing the right thing, but I also believe in exercising some basic prevention.  Never leave a public area with someone you don't know, never give someone a ride when you are alone or outnumbered and always be aware of what is going on around you.  Walking or jogging with headphones in or anything else that kills your situational awareness is like painting a big bullseye on yourself."
[removed]
No
:o
"You.......you got the lot, containing a 6105 for $160?!?!

You son of a bitch!!!

:-) Just kidding man, congrats!!! What a steal!"
[deleted]
"That's dumb for consumers, but brilliant I guess on their end being as their other platforms are going away. "
"what if i say ""my son dressed as a ghost for halloween"" and they support me for that?"
world im a huge nerd for rpgs
http://www.futbin.com/16/squad/235921
I think we found the problem.
"True, but as a result no one cares - and a lot of dark stuff gets swept quietly under the carpet without so much of a blink of disapproval."
"Are you using the ray-traced renderer? As /u/teerre says, it would probably be best to render an intermediate file out of AE (into a proper production codec - don't render h.264 or something) and then use the resulting file in Premiere instead."
"Thanks for the reply!

Lately I was farming some fire gems for various weapons.  You probably already known and/or have access to this anyway, but just in case, you can use `nsg9lvk2` to get 23.9% radial cursed fire atk and `5pwujscd` for a 27.2% triangle cursed fire."
"Indeed it is. "
"I would personally opt for a different color on the eyes if you're going light with it or use more color, because right now it kind of looks like you've merely just rubbed your eyes and/or have slight allergies with the slight reddish toned eyeshadow. It's a pretty color but at a glance it seems like you're not wearing any and that you have allergies. :o"
"A Google search just confirmed Busiek wrote the sequel, sorry for the misinformation"
"&gt; a state that cannot be undermined by private interests of powerful individuals

Amen brother.

How sad that Russia is almost completely in the hands of a single individual, and his interests.

Maybe it would be better for them if they went over to oligarchy."
"You're half right, I'm not a die hard Metallica fan but I like some of their stuff. "
"I'm aiming to run this on my y410p laptop. It depends on what kind of graphics you want from it. As people stated earlier, Dragon's Dogma was originally released for the xbox360 and ps3. The settings like said elsewhere in the thread scale really well. Unfortunately I can't confirm that myself since I'm still waiting for my code but I'll let you know once it works if you're still interested."
200-205
"I do really want to try it. I can't.l find it anywhere cheap enough to justify buying. "
"This response makes no sense.  Why would you turn on water heaters and air conditioners at any other time thhan when they are actually needed?  Also, I don't want the grid to tell my appliances when to run.  Oh stove/microwave - I'm hungry now but the sun is down, guess I can't use you.  No.  People want to use their appliances when they need to use them,  "
"Basing on the Youtube comments alone, he seems pretty well liked by the fans. "
You can do it! Never give up! Trust your instincts!
Sadly. Always.
"  
[Bubble Matrix](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Handlers/Image.ashx?name=Bubble Matrix&amp;type=card&amp;.jpg) - [(G)](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=Bubble Matrix) [(MC)](http://magiccards.info/query?q=!Bubble Matrix)  
[Dawnstrider](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Handlers/Image.ashx?name=Dawnstrider&amp;type=card&amp;.jpg) - [(G)](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=Dawnstrider) [(MC)](http://magiccards.info/query?q=!Dawnstrider)  
[Wishmonger](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Handlers/Image.ashx?name=Wishmonger&amp;type=card&amp;.jpg) - [(G)](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=Wishmonger) [(MC)](http://magiccards.info/query?q=!Wishmonger)  
^^^[[cardname]] ^^^or ^^^[[cardname|SET]] ^^^to ^^^call"
"Then you're scum. "
"It doesn't take 5 cents each. If the blocks aren't full, it costs almost nothing to fill them up."
"That's awesome. I live in Ottawa and love going to games here, it's actually affordable haha. Though they do jack up the prices when the Leafs come to town."
"&gt; but they were just as bad, if not worse, than the guy

The guy did fucking nothing, they were malicious pardon my New Zealand CUNTS, they were a couple of fucking cunts. Wasting peoples time, tax payer money, police time and general waste of society. I have more respect for a homeless dude (At least they are pretty chill) than these degenerates of a human being. Ideally they would be looked in cell for a minimum of three years for fucking this guys live up for the past three years."
Okay can you explain the playing the same scenarios over in head again and again because I definitely do that
"Mainly the UAC. To a non-tech savvy user like my dad, who does email and spreadsheets but by no means is a user who will, say, alter the registry, it's still boggling to him why he has two accounts on his Windows XP system, yet every other computer, work account, website, or phone he's used in his life he's gotten by with one. So he just uses the admin account, which inherently breaks the security it's meant to provide, because it's not really logical for a home user.

Thanks for responding too!"
"Dodgers, but not including when they're doing much better than the the Angels. Then my jealousy/fatigue from hearing how great they are affects me."
[removed]
"We had ours outside in the cold. We brought a blanket, hot cocoa with our favorite mugs, and a wooden heart with our wedding date painted on it. "
"""Can you make it so that, it 'just' works?"""
"Eh, I consider myself a redpiller, but not as much as some others.

I love women and girls, I really, really do. But I hate crazy bitches. SJWs and radfems are the worst of the bunch. They infantilize anyone unlucky enough to be born with a vagina, making them out to be utterly irresponsible for their own actions, and therefore, free of consequences.

Every human on the planet makes choices, and should be adult enough to deal with the consequences of those choices. Male, female, or anywhere in between. Your choice is not my problem."
"Nah man I'm watching the English dub, kenshins voice is way better In English than it is in Japanese "
"Wow, the show has such a bizarre premise, but it sounds very interesting! I might check it out.

I don't think I share any shows with my parents, haha.
"
"I used to roll a lot, and yes I think have some permanent damage. Life is just harder for me now. It feels like I have to fight twice as hard as everyone else for the most part. I'm sure if you give it more time it will get better, as it has for me. Keep fighting and just try to accept it for what it is, that's pretty much all we can do. Peace."
"I think it should be clarified that one should maintain their uniqueness as a person but they shouldn't strive to disassociate themselves from those around them. This is kind of what the ""HAHA SO RANDOM XD"" kind of people do imo. 

Really just be some weird but not too weird. "
"Is the [severing](http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/pjbnmk0cuprn18xdmtaw.gif) a big reveal / spoiler?

If not then I have to go with my Daft Punk allegiance of ""Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger."""
"ill take it!
"
How has that business not failed?
"Well about the psychosis - she told me that the doctors told her that she'd undergone an ""acute psychotic attack"", whatever that means.

What you're saying I've been told by several people already - not gonna tell me what to do, but don't feel guilty, it's up to you. And I've got the ""your own well being is always in the first place, don't get dragged down"" as well. But I still don't know. I don't want to make her worse, and breaking up probably would. I have no idea if random strangers are gonna help, but at least I'll get some more insight/advice. 

So thanks!"
"""S-She's my girlfriend....B-Brooke Scott...She's 18 years old..."""
Responsible gun owner™ strikes again!
"The current version (2400, I guess soon to be the older version) has stupid vocab stuff, along with other stuff that is harder. The ACT is more straightforward. Granted, there is a Science section that people apparently like to complain about, but it's honestly just tedious reading comprehension."
which shops do you go to? i always thought there weren't that many here. just illusive and a bunch of small ones like 316 and plastic and heroes and fugitive toys once a year...would love to know some others
"I have the idea that your preference is one thing but people like that conception do likely exist. If not, and if I ever write my fantasy novels, Dowager Queen Elaine and Kira the good witch will seem ridiculous. Seriously, I've read a couple artilces pointing out that bisexual can describe a number of different sexual affinity fields."
"Gosh it's obvious Bernie is a pro-Wall Street Manchurian candidate.  I guess we all should ignore 99.9% of his record, don't look into what was changed in the bill in the back room after it was approved, and just assume Bernie is evil.  Better vote for Hillary, she never takes money from Wall Street.... Well, no more than $120 million or so.  I mean, she say ""cut that out."""
"Do you have a wife and kids waiting for you back on earth? "
This basically sums up every creationist arguement on the internet.
"It'll be interesting to see how they solve this, an engine capable of that kind of throttling is unheard of (I've even heard the word ""impossible"" thrown around). Maybe they will go for a very precise burn at higher throttle, but I'm excited to see regardless."
I am paranoid of screamers i couldnt even look at the screen for more than a few seconds at first
didn't work on his unless I restarted if I got the NP errors I knew it would work but if I got the please wait it wouldn't work at all unless it was restarted
"Can we get some names up in this gig, gurl, for us who don't religiously follow queens on all types of social media? "
"Roses for romance  
Clover for luck.  
I think you're cute.  
Fancy a drink sometime? 

Plumbers are red   
Hedgehogs are blue.  
Press START to be  
My player two."
"i meant to make the title say ""loading times are too long, HOW DO I FIX IT?"""
"Depends on your offense. Hines has better route running so he's better for corner routes, ins, outs, posts against man coverage. Andre is your possession guy that you can throw to in traffic between zones. At least that's how I used Michael Irvin who had similar ratings"
"&gt; Nintendo first party games have always been pretty casual and easy

LOL 

***No.*** 

There's a reason why aforementioned young Nintendoite was struggling painfully with LttP, and that sure isn't because it were the 1991 equivalent of Yoshi's Woolly Wang. 

**Google 'nintendohard'.** 

Sure, there might have been the occasional third-party offering ***even harder*** than that -- the early Mega Man games, perhaps -- but that doesn't change the fact of the matter. 

The vast majority of 'challenges' found in today's Nintendo games are mere afterthought ***'core tax'***, 'neatly' tucked away from any main-game relevance. Pretty much like 'cat tax' on imgur works, basically. :shrugs: "
"Javiermonge1986

315 defender, experienced"
"Good point. Crop rotation is most often done to prevent disease. The use of cover crops like clover put nitrogen back into the soil, yes, but to elaborate, also reduces the economic input of fertilizer into that field the next season. Cover crops also reduce erosion, and some cover crops, like radishes and other brassicas, exude anti-microbial compounds from their roots into the soil which can help prevent soil-bourne diseases, thus reducing economic input of pesticides. 

Small side note about the Irish famine, the blight happened not really because they didnt rotate crops. All the commoners had were potatoes, so they didnt have much of a choice in what was planted. The potatoes were also the exact same variety with practically little to no variation in genotype. This, coupled with continuous conducive environmental conditions for the very virulent pathogen, phytopthora infestans, ultimately led to the famine."
"This ^^

Also, higher rep ranges on big compound movements will tire you out faster and your reps will be much more dirtier from rep to rep which results in more possible injuries. So you wont benefit from higher reps, you have even more drawbacks. 5x5 etc. works because it is a proven allround volume and intensity, especially beginners profit from that. If you don't know why lower or higher reps on compounds, always go for lower. Anything after that comes with different programming aspects which at that point just dont matter."
"I absolutely agree that they have an amazingly hard and noble job. But the bad ones get away with murder LITERALLY. "
and... here comes Joe!
This could vey well be the main photo of the game. :)
"Pull out my lightsaber and prepare to attack.  Does he also have a lightsaber to defend himself, or just a blaster?"
Remove food nazi.
Sir Shitpost
Kind of hard to make a reaction video without being able to have react in the title.
"They're in the closet, next to my '65 Gibson Les Paul."
[deleted]
Haha
[deleted]
"ITT we debate the essence of dog. Should we put something that helps you hunt for food in the same category as something that women put in purses and stare at? Something used to help people walk in the same category as something used to exercise wealth and vanity?

Reddit, where the important questions and all of life's answers can be ..."
So really just buyers remorse?
"Looking for a Schwartz Downside replacement..  have anything in your catalog?
"
"To me it's more bothersome that in the end, on a physicalist account, my own suffering in the truest sense isn't any more important than anyone else's. Someone may answer 'Okay, but my own suffering is more important to *me*', but that's exactly missing the point. If there is no true essence of *me* (counter to what the Abrahamic religions would have us believe), that statement doesn't make sense. It's hard to explain how I mean this, and it's hard to think about the implications.

If either a) the universe is infinite or b) the many worlds interpretation or similar is true, there is an infinite amount of suffering. Your own death or even any improvements on this planet aren't going to have any meaningful impact."
"Are you saying that the difference between 6.5 miles and 11 miles is no big deal? 

On such highly fortified and defended territory, progress is measured in meters. "
"*This thing, evidently, was merely a thing that made sounds when Koh made sounds.*  
*Already bored, it climbs down into the burning wreckage of the top floor to ravage an apartment room.*"
Get nintendont on the vwii of your wii u. Play backed up gc games. Supports basically every game and you dont need a memory card because of a built in program nmm
"There are ways to convince us, like by posting more... "
End of anomalisa where Michael sits on staircase listening to the doll.
"I agree with you on the art/shrine to be in a museum, that would have been nice. Pretty sure you were downvoted for the medicine part, ivory has as much mecicinal use as nail clippings."
I did. No response. I guess hes busy. I just realllly want that tracking number:(
This is basically my reaction every time seafood is within 100 meters of me.
"PRONE BLOCKED

Two words that make this game incredibly hard if you play Domination exclusively."
"I haven't seen anything that says member vote. Just that the board is reporting that the organization is endorsing Bernie. The board could overwhelmingly support Bernie. "
"&gt; We have more Jews than women here, apparently.

Well the economics profession is run by a cabal of New World Order Jews."
*Adorbs.*
[deleted]
Prove it.
It reinforces my point that one thing per century actually requires a significant time investment to accomplish. Props for finding something but it's the exception to the rule.
"Cool "
"Sorry about not replying earlier, been very busy with work and school but I think I'm gonna pass. I have a spare cpu that I want to sell first before deciding what gpu I'm gonna end up with. Good luck with sale though."
Because basically all French pros are/were cheating. sf cheated since 2011
"But but, freedom, greatest country in the world. and freedom."
"Thanks for the reply.

So big shows actually stop in Fresno? I figured any kind of concerts I'd be going down to LA. "
"I have done so many bank bonuses that have $1,500 just moving between accounts every few months to meet minimum balances. The return on that beats every retirement account I've got."
"Yes. Strange, I'm a pretty aware person and I'm sure I would have noticed it. Oh well, I'll get used to it."
"&gt;If Israel, who appears to be the recalcitrant party here refuses to talk, France will then grant recognition to Palestine as a state, which already de facto exists.

Netanyahu invites Abbas to negotiate in almost every appearance he makes in intl forums. He just did it in Davos.

&gt;Recognition of Palestine as a state is a given. If Israel refuses to talk, it misses out on the chance to have a say in how the its relation with Palestine is to be resolved.

Which is exactly why the Palestinians have every incentive to let the talks fail. Why compromise when they can get recognition *without* letting Israel have a say?"
Just only five tears and people will understand and carry on.
"Do you always repeat popular memes and videos? "
"I hope you never have to experience the loss of a child. But if you do, I hope people will not ridicule the way you grieve in order to cope with your loss. "
"It's not all that hard, actually, since upper back includes the shoulders. I don't know about you, but I can reach my shoulders with a knife super easily. And also the cause of death has not been determined to be the stabbing or the fire *because it's only been four days*. Let the investigation happen. Jesus Christ. We don't know anything at all yet."
"This is essentially what the obamacare PTC does. Once you no longer qualifies for medicaid, but still makes less than 400% of the federal poverty level, you get part of your insurance paid for insofar as it was purchased from healthcare.gov or your state exchange. The size of your credit is inversely related to your income, certeris paribus. "
"I bought half a case of the '05 ""904"" and opened one last week to judge if I wanted more of it but it was corked. I haven't had the '98 but the '01 &amp; '04 are going to be great wines in a few more years if they aren't already."
"[Maybe?](http://kol.coldfront.net/thekolwiki/index.php/Ninja_Pirate_Zombie_Robot)

KOL is the game that broke my EverQuest addiction years ago.  Very grateful, even though I only played for a couple months."
"Just curious, why didn't you buy your game keys through Origin?"
"&gt; First they wouldn't overturn heller, and even if they wanted to a case would have to be brought all the way up to the Supreme Court for it to happen.

I wouldn't put it past them to try.

&gt;Third, at this point I don't think any government either Democrat or straight up Communist even, really believes they'll push far enough into the second amendment to abolish all weapons.

The democrats in the US have tried every chance they get. They will keep trying till they get it, that group is in for the long haul. There have been numerous Democratic politicians who have supported gun confiscation like Diane Feinstein. 

&gt;How the fuck would you even collect that many weapons

That is something I also see being logistically difficult but if ownership of semi autos deemed illegal many would turn them in.

&gt;It's just not going to go away for a couple lifetimes at least. You don't have much to worry about.

It can go away much faster than you think. Many younger millennials have been indoctrinated in public schools by those favoring strict gun control. It's tot he point now where if a child carelessly takes a bite from a pop tart that gives it an ominous hand gun shape they will be suspended.

Many of these new voters or soon to be voters have zero real world experience with weapons and their knowledge on the subject comes from either their school teachers or Hollywood.  Look at how fast public perception changed with gay marriage, to think that it won't be possible for the same to occur with gun control is naive.

&gt;Don't be a single issue voter like that, you play right into politicians hands and end up doing exactly what they want.

I'm not a single issue voter, but some issues have more weight on my vote than others."
Well said glad to hear your Thoughts!
"So much edge I cut my eyes while reading your comment.

/s"
Ayy lmao
"i started cubing in 2008, haven't really competed since 2011 though. I restarted practising 7x7 though ;) How about you?"
"consumer (n) 1. a person or thing that destroys, uses up, or wastes something. 2. in economics, a person who uses goods or services to satisfy his needs rather than to resell them or produce other goods with them: opposed to producer"
Added.
This could hypnotize me.
"So I live downtown in a area with a shit load of bars, and a professional sports team(all within walking distance to my apartment). I can come home, turn on the app and wait for pings(ride requests) I don't even have to leave my apartment. I don't think I'll have trouble making $10 an hour(after expenses) 10 hours a week. 

Edit: By fun stuff, I mean taking my dog out and hiking in the mountains during the weekdays(I'm off of my day job at noon, and usually stuck in the city, unless I get a zipcar, which adds up((which will also be a savings for me as I spend about $150 a month on Zipcar as it is))) And the $450 budget is what I get in VA disability every month, so If I cant Uber it's still taken care of. 

Edit2: Jeezus, I just realized I'm trying to sell myself on a car. :("
Actually after I asked that question to you I found your AMA. Very helpful. This may be a dumb question but I've only ever had outpatient surgery for a septoplasty and turbinate reduction. How awful is it having a catheter? And does it suck when they remove it?
I mean I don't know of another player on OKC that is more average or even as average as him lol.
"I got a scratchcard for you, let me know your UN please!"
"I just saw a short video of Star Citizen, if they made it like that, ship freeroam within the solar system we have control off, jump out of ship and just board it, no loading screens. Star Citizen was pretty seamless there, press a button or something to exit chair, then walk back to hatch and jump out. Simple as that. In the video i watched they even snuck up on another dude outside the ship and made short work of him, pretty epic. Think he stole or set the dudes ship to self explode too. 

Although Destiny got transmat, which teleports you inside/outside. "
My's n3414167
"You'll miss the UI, but you'll like having a smartphone. "
Did I hurt your feelings or something? Maybe you shouldn't get big with people if you can't handle it you little window licking spastic.
"I learned not to do stupid shit because it would result in getting spanked. "
"The problem is that there are a lot of people who aren't being comped. Specifically all of those people working two part time jobs, because their employer doesn't want to comp them. "
"Yeah I'm sure it's important to him, but the video itself gives no context or explanation. B roll of people talking is bad when you can't actually hear what they're saying. And it just rested on these shots for way too much time. It was a very badly edited video. "
"Just as I was halfway through this thread, RLS started creeping in, so I searched for it. URRRGH. So horrible. Remember being on holiday and having to go get antihistamines because the itching was keeping me awake at night and driving me INSANE.
"
LIAR!!
K
N
"I'd definitely live in Waterfall. But I'd totally be best buds with Sans and Papyrus, and I would frequently be visiting them/havin' them over to cook some explosive spaghetti and sock storms just to annoy the local residents"
"Hey Folks! I'd love some feedback, if you don't mind. I'll be working on my second video this weekend!"
"It's awesome that you were able to go with confidence! I think that's really the goal with dressing for things like this; making sure you go in an outfit that doesn't limit your experience. "
"Pretty much nobody does, except Murrikans and Islamists."
"I don't, the enemy team is always psychic.  like if I want to play a wraith king game, they will 1st pick invoker and 2nd or 3rd pick od.  if I want to play chaos knight, they will 1st pick invoker and like 2nd or 3rd pick od.  if I want to play medusa, they 1st pick invo...you know what, fuck this patch."
also the ground isn't perpendicular to her descent...
"The number is really, really big but the check is real as shit!"
[removed]
"And I agree with you 100%, but that doesn't take anything away from how good their run defense is. I think that is the unit that people expect to do the least that will actually do the most."
[deleted]
Thanks for the reply!
Drink water. Consult a doctor.
I see what your saying I had to use my grappling vision where you close your eyes and imagine it. Anyway so I was rewatching the video and the arm in front of his hips is almost always being pinned on the elbow that they can't reach up or Down.
"quick, someone send this too Cena, maybe he can learn how to ""take a punch"" in his next c movie."
http://i.imgur.com/CpSVqsA.gif
"&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [**Me**] Here's the funny thing that I'm guessing you won't agree with

&gt;&gt;&gt; [**You**] Nope. Don't agree with it at all. At that point, there wasn't anything else to look at. You can't look at anything else if all there is is nothing.

&gt;&gt; [**Me**] I don't know your direct experience, obviously, but this sounds fundamentalist. ""You're so off base, I won't even read this.""

&gt; [**You**] Huh? I read it. I disagreed with it. Does disagreeing make me a fundamentalist?

Looking back over our interesting conversation, I realize that I misread your response above. You were saying that there's nothing else to look at that, i.e., the nothingness is all there is for you. I read it as you saying that there was nothing else in my *sentence* to look at after the opening phrase. Just clearing that up. 

---

^I'm ^still ^not ^convinced ^you're ^not ^being ^a ^little ^bit ^*cough* ^fundamentalist ^*cough* ^—not ^that ^that ^is ^wrong! ^:)"
"no im serious I can handle my phone and scroll through my homescreens with my knee that is covered by my pants. If you dont believe it I can make a video.  And while my phone is in my pocket there is: 1. pressure, 2. the same capacitive touch like when I do the above said thing"
"If they're out of CPU budget for frames, turning on some motion blur, which is 100% shader-based and has no CPU impact, loses them nothing."
"&gt;For what it's worth, it's easier if you train good people.
&gt;
&gt;This is a classic 'Tragedy of the Commons'. If every tech company was willing to train just a few employees, there'd be a decent sized pool available.

This is how my parents got into computer programming in the early 1970's.  Computers were just becoming affordable that businesses could afford them, but Computer Science wasn't even a thing yet at most universities.  My parents in fact had taken the first computer courses on the first computers that their respective universities had purchased.

&gt;Instead they decided to run around poaching each other's already trained staff, which meant that in the long run everyone stopped actually training people since ""they just leave as soon as they have the skills"".

Unfortunately, companies have lagged in giving raises.  So in many cases, the company has no one but themselves to blame.  I start a new job next week - I get &gt;10% raise plus yearly bonuses.  I didn't receive regular raises form 2009-2014 (part of it was because the company I worked for had financial issues) and then got one in 2015 (2.4% - but that happened because my employer was bought out in 2014).  Even if I had gotten crappy regular raises or a salary adjustment when we were bought out, me leaving may not have been a problem.  "
Probably the wierdest thing was the time the first artifact my dudes built had a description of the second artifact that was built.
Cat.
It is an exaggeration. An under-exaggeration.
"I'm not going to give up or hate on a guy when he's having a bad streak. It happens to the best of them across any sport. Plus this group of Warriors are special... they are unselfish team players across the board, giving up minutes if its best for team (see DLee) or being a bench player (see Andre). If Mo is still playing, its because the coach/team still believe in him. "
just play the story modes of each character when 5 comes out i think they're doing that before bringing the cinematic story in summer
Jeff :')
That works well but you have to understand that a majority of the majors colleges encourage students to complete do not result in 100k a year jobs lol
"It's eye contact. If you don't want to let someone over, don't make eye contact. 

And vice versa if you are trying to get over. You gotta make that eye contact."
"I got 8 TB of data... my offsite backup is several encrypted hard drives in the trunk of my car. 
"
"Pretty good numbers, actually. I'm primarily a PS4 gamer, but I do enjoy my XB1 (and WiiU). Kudos to MS and Phil for digging out of the Mattrick Mess."
Night on Ponce by 3 Taverns
"Near useless: Thing.

ASW is still very far from near useless."
"The basic premise is that Dipper loses a bet, and is pushed into joining Girls' Night with his sister. It ultimately ends up going in surprising, sometimes heartfelt directions.

I haven't really written comedy before, so it was quite a challenge in that sense, and I hope I still maintained my element of 'Feels' which I'm told I do very well. Hope you like it of course, and if you don't that's fine too."
"I don't think having the rights to the name enters into the equation at all. Steen, Devitt, Kenta, there are all the guys' *real* names."
"Ok, what specifically would YOU say to your wife in a situation like that?  Again, you're unemployed and she just used ""you're unemployed"" as a weapon in a disagreement, what would you say?

(and don't cop out with ""I'd never let it get this far"" or walk away)"
[removed]
[deleted]
"Awesome, I love pinto beans. How do you feel about black beans?"
"&gt; Heroes is a sport only for a part of the playerbase (even if you include players who play HL there, there still is a big amount of players who play only QM). People who want to play the game as a sport also have modes for them (Hero League, Team League, Custom Games) if they want to be really serious with every match they play.

First of all, it's 2016, let's get the notion that HotS and other competitive games isn't a sport out of the way. If dart and chess can be considered a sport, so can video games, public opinion be damned. Now, it being a sport doesn't exclude it from being a hobby. Division 5 football is as much of a hobby for the people who play that. And just as much of a game. They're not mutually exclusive.

And no, people who wants to play it seriously does not have a dedicated place to practise yet. You mention HL/TL as a way to play ""it as a sport"", but that's just all kinds of wrong. 
First of all, HL and TL are two very different beasts. just like solo queue and team queue is in LoL. There's a huge difference between working with a bunch of randoms and working with a team, and it's two different skill sets. While you can practise a heroes mechanics in HL and transfer it to TL and vice versa, the game is different due to the increased communication. Now, some people pick up on it very easily, other's don't. (See: High elo players who fail to make it on a team/low elo solo queuers who play competitive LCS)

With that out of the way, neither of them are a place to actually *practise* heroes, just like you don't try out a fake-reverse bootleg option in an American football game (unless your coach is crazy or you got absolutely nothing to lose). You get the training wheels off, then you race. But the only place to practise is in QM, since we currently have no draft mode. Custom games doesn't cut it since you'd have to find 9 other likeminded people. So QM is the place where you practise playing vs other people. The problem? Having a support and not having a support is game changing. Lacking a frontline? Just as bad.

Story time: I've been practising Greymane for the last few days. Landing a game with no support and no tanks teaches you one thing: zero sustain sucks. A Nova landing a snipe and one AA on you while the teams are having a standoff, and then walking out of there, means that you're effectively useless for 90% of the teamfight if they have anyone with dive capabilities. She just took away 60% of your hp and there's no way for you to regain it outside of running for the nearest well. Couple that with the fact that you ARE the team's frontline (which he isn't designed to be), and you're in for a bad time. Your team might still win the game, but the experience you got from that game matters very little since the situation you had to drag yourself to isn't applicable to a ""competitive"" match.


As much as I respect that you play the game just to have fun, having fun for me, and a lot of other people, is to win. I play to improve myself, push the boundaries of my skill level. Whose fun is more important? The person who play the game to win or the guy who just plays for the heck of it? One could argue that the fun you get out of the coin toss that is the current QM system could easily be found playing ARAM instead, without screwing over the people who use QM as a stepping stone. But it's a debate that's been raging on since the first skilled competitive person had to deal with having a guy on his team who didn't care if they won or lost, as long as he had fun when they were playing lob the stone over the mammoth back before we started counting the earth's rotation around the sun.

But as you said, we can both agree that getting a draft mode system would solve my concern, but until we get that QM should in my opinion, be tuned to make as balanced matches as possible.

And my apologies if I come off as rude during any of the text, not my intention."
"Nah, we had a misunderstanding on our end back when bronze was first a thing."
[deleted]
"And yet here you are, implying that anyone who doesn't say ""Thank you, you too"" is an asshole.

Weird."
"Find a new job.  File for unemployment.  Given you lied there is a decent chance you are considered fired for cause and won't get it, but it is worth filing because they may not fight it and/or your state may not consider the offense sufficient to not give you unemployment.

"
"I don't want to be shady, but her lack of makeup skills and interactions definitely makes sense when you think of her as first out"
"Half the guys I interview struggle on it, and we are advertising for seniors. The other half are insulted."
"Is the DLAB required?  Also, I am a 1N4b and my career field is critically manned/close to critically manned, what would be my chances of getting released?  

One more question, how does the DAS transfer to State Dept. jobs?"
MICHAEL
"link to that clip, please

i feel like hating roland today"
How much money do you think it would take to bribe them? Are we talking a couple hundred USD or more like 1000?
"Thanks! This set up has been good to me. "
have you checked craigslist yet for your area?
How did they have so many Sons? I call bullshit!
This is why we can't have nice things.
"Repost mothah suckah
"
"Deep in her heart, the thunder bounces. "
yes
I don't have Fb because I think it's useless.
"Nah, I think she's goofy, so it wouldn't be a switch flip"
"No, rejected me is the reasonable response."
"It technically is a fastlane after a certain point. But its also a grey area because all a company has to do to be included in said fastlane it apply for the program.

But because they are throttling all videos to 480p, the whole thing is in violation of the ruling."
"It is no secret that the YPG is in essence a rebranded PKK group, most people on this sub are in real denial when it comes to the ""PYD"".

This report is the final nail in the coffin for the ""PKK and YPG are seperate organizations that have nothing to do with eachother"" advocates, it also legitmizes the Turks striking YPG positions in Syria, they are basically an extended arm of the PKK."
"Just curious, where are you from that this passes for acceptable discourse?"
Saw* this in* a commerical on my lunch break* today.
"Seems to happen a lot in this sub in particular "
"numdegased "
"Fair enough. "
[deleted]
"Or at least travel in packs? "
Fuck
[removed]
[removed]
Looks fine. Maybe give it a narrow cuff.
[removed]
Totally agree. I think he's going to be a big source of entertainment on and off court.
^ You win
[removed]
"Well of course. I know there are still some people that would deny this, but they have become very rare on this sub.

But as I said, that's true for basically every single thing in a fight. And that's known by every respectable teacher, TMA or not, that I know."
"Its how people without cable and live outside the US can watch Bravo live. "
[removed]
I prefer differently. I find it annoying to think about the same thought I had a few seconds earlier.
"Non-American here, what the fuck is a jumping jack?"
"He took a seat with some pizza, eating it."
[deleted]
[deleted]
"My favourite part was when Jeremy was throwing Adam off and Adam just shouted ""PUT ME DOWN YOU CUNT"""
Annnnd i fucked up.
I guess it's better than doing this to people https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtz6Xs6HNEU
"&gt; Return a **friendly** minion to your hand

for balance purposes"
so why throwing a match in a not valve event matters?
"Well said. Sports (and by extension eSports) leagues have different interests than the judicial system. They have to consider all sorts of consequences if they allow some type of unwanted vice to occur (cheating, matchfixing, etc). Valve has an interest in keeping CSGO going and matchfixing reflects poorly on the eSport. To be fair, so does cheating, but at least with cheating a player will probably get a VAC ban if caught (as in not ESEA/ESL ban). It's an implied permaban. 

That being said, I don't think the matchfixing ban is that big of a deal. Valve majors are not the highest paying events (except for some teams that benefit from the participation award that is sticker money). Teams are not evaluated solely on major performance (else NiP would still be considered a top team) and other leagues may allow them to be unbanned for tourney play (ESEA, Faceit, CEVO, SLTV). The problem is whether the big organizations care about appearances at majors. Team Optic in all likelihood will at best struggle to get into a major, but they have a major org sponsor. Steel will probably reform Torqued, if unbanned from certain leagues, and he may or may not care about playing in majors. Who knows what the other unbanned players may want to do if they are able to play competitively in some capacity?"
"3 Cyber Dragon, 3 {{Cyber Dragon Core}}, 3 {{Cyber Dragon Drei}} and 3 {{Cyber Repair Plant}} is a good starting point. I run 3 {{Cyber Valley}} for extra draw power and as something I can use if I didn't get the opening hand I needed, but I wouldn't say you need to run it. I also run 3 {{Galaxy Soldier}}, since you can discard any cyber dragon to ss it, making Cyber Repair Plant live, and search another Galaxy Soldier as well. It's a level 5 light machine, so that always helps. {{Quickdraw Synchron}} is special summoned in the same way, so it's another card you can consider. Cyber Eltanin's alright at 1 tbh and can finish games off with enough light machines in the grave/on the field, but just be aware of backrow. Oh, and don't forget 2 honest for extra damage :P

Power Bond is a staple, since it enables your OTKs. I run 2, but 3's fine (considering bumping the power bonds I run to 3 actually). I run 2 {{Machine Duplication}} as well to speed up the deck. Targeting core lets you ss two of the original cyber dragon (since core's treated as a cyber dragon while in the field or graveyard) for a rank 5 or power bond play with relative ease. Instant Fusion's another card to consider, since you can bring out panzer dragon (more level 5 light machines!) with it for even more rank 5 plays. You could also consider running 1 or 2 {{Cybernetic Fusion Support}} as well. It's another target for core, and can make use of cyber dragons in the grave which aren't really doing anything.

I wouldn't recommend running too many traps tbh. I run 2 storming mirror force, 1 compulsory evacuation device (considering dropping it for a 3rd storming) and vanity's, but it's mainly personal preference.

As for the extra deck, I find that 2 copies of {{Cyber Dragon Nova}} and 2 Infinities is usually enough, since I run other cards that can help me just as well. {{Constellar Pleiades}} should be there imo, since you have enough ways of getting 2 level 5 light monsters out. For the other Xyzs it's generally other rank 5s. Volcasaurus, Shark Fortress, Tiras etc. I do run a Castel as well (brought out with Norden and a drei/honest), but again, personal preference. With the fusions I run 1 Norden (as mentioned above), 1 Cyber Twin Dragon, 1 Cyber End Dragon (usually brought out with nova, I find that power bonding 3 cyber dragons is a bit risky), 1 panzer dragon (instant fusion target), 1 {{pair cycroid}} (another instant fusion target, also a great laugh if you can end a game by power bonding into it) and 1 Rampage Dragon (which I'm considering bumping up to 2 since it's so good).

There are obviously other cards that can be included to help, but I hope what I've written helps :)"
"&gt; I got it for $30

Where? o.O"
"Qb-Winston or mariota(only two really)

HB-Gurly,Rawls or david johnson

WR-Amari, Lockett, Diggs

TE-Maxx Williams

OL- To hard for us to grade give me some suggestions

T-Erick Flowers

G-Ali Maripat, La'el Collins

DE-Mario Edwards, Leonard williams, Danielle Hunter, Za'darrius Smith

DT- Shelton, Eddie GOldman

ILB-KWON, Stepon anthoney 

OLB- Kik'ua, Mauldin

CB-Peters,darby, breauix(saints), Diggs

S-landon Collins, Byron jones, Or Amos.

HELP ME Fill in the blanks guys. 

Edit:added Suggestions."
"Should note, it's a triple play package so it includes phone and tv."
Again: the practicality of a lived experience with actual stakes vs. an armchair intellectual exercise.
"So it's 10 grand a month? And doesn't it include free housing, no income taxes, and other benefits?"
"I'm basing my judgement of happiness by the cage wire. Now that the cage wire is gone, I'm sure she's a very happy kitty.

Give her a scritch from me!"
"Shit, I'd easily drop over 100 bucks on almost any DPX knife. "
"It means name is taken, i'm actually baffled that you didn't even try to log in before you instantly took a screenshot and post it here, really need that karma to make it through the month, huh"
"Germans will sooner or later start to explain them, with baseball bats. They are generally non violent and proimmigrant, but 2 or 3 cases like this and you will see militias...

Edit: Not neo nazis, they already do, But normal people.  Humans are reactionary animals"
"Just the sound of leveling up which blows my eardrums whenever it plays, not sure which that falls under. I'm on PS4 BTW, sorry for not mentioning."
"Sucks for the people that are 100% clean. "
European soccer fans fucking crazy
[deleted]
"Sleep sacks! "
What kind of wire did you use for this project? I'm interested in rewiring a horse trailer.
"One person did. Yeah, that one went nowhere."
G2 imo
guy front got some chub n tuck going on there
"Thank you for this, I had been wondering about it for a while now "
Congrats from Canada. Great tourney.
"I already had at that point. Her kids who 'don't even have a daddy' were more important than his own kid who had a 'grandma and grandpa' in their life.

Like I said eariler dude, I could write a book about her manipulation of him.  "
It's a 1T cap were I currently have 250 gb cap (and rarely go over that)
Like Storm Spirit!
"He may very well have done it, but you at least want to get a couple of your facts straight specifically about the phone calls, because I don't think they infer anything.
Avery and Autotrader had an appointment for approximately 2pm. Halbach ad not arrived at the Avery property when Steven made the two calls using *67 around 235pm. Why he used *67 can certainly be up for conjecture, but it seems pretty reasonable to call someone who is approximately 30 minutes late for a scheduled appointment."
"Hasn't your ID expired? Here in Sweden regular IDs (like the ones from banks) expire after 5 years, and international IDs and passports after 10."
"I agree completely, excellent observation about similarities between Draco and Ron!"
"Not judging, just curious: what makes you doubt it?"
"Thanks! Just to confirm, the N40L can use N54L firmware/BIOS?"
Thanks!
"Clearly he was joking. Clearly to some, anyway."
"So throwing more popular support to the gerrymandering Rs will fix that?

Gerrymandering or not, he shat on the Ds in 2014, and is still shitting on all Ds in anything remotely like a swingy seat in 2016."
"Hey, we're only human.  At least the practice is enjoyable.  :)

Relaxing was a conscious effort and (sexually) the hardest thing I've done since trying to keep my fingers moving while I came."
Thanks!
I haven't seen Faults yet but I'd definitely agree on It Follows! What is Faults about?
[deleted]
"So you started a lot of threads in subs today with ""Why is xx so racist?"" Just F* of with the shitposts!"
"I'm not suggesting the Church announce this fact, more that a small covert team should perhaps just..yanno..do so! ;P"
"Looking at my monster collection...
  
And thinking WHEN did i have Orion, Dark Undine, Shiwha, Clara and WHY are they gone!!!! 
  
Oh i was young and stupid."
"but God didnt create himself. if hes actually real im sure he exists outside of time. things that exist outside of time dont need to be ""created"" as the entire process of creation depends on linear time. this is the only reasonable explanation of gods ""creation"" ive ever heard."
Don't you have video tapes to return?
"I disagree. Successful, funny, charismatic men are still found attractive. Women are not considered attractive unless they fit what society agrees is beautiful. My husband n I both gained a little weight. He is still the same person, just more so. I however, have lost all of my self worth and become a shell of my former person. He is still treated the same. I am publicly ignored BC I'm not ""hot"" anymore. Strangers don't smile at me anymore. Nobody listens to my opinions. Turns out people were always so nice to me because I was so beautiful. Now its like I don't exist. My husband has dealt with none of that. Also, nobody has commented on his weight gain. Meanwhile, I have guys I dated a decade ago messaging me about it. "
"Thank you! "
"Facts: http://www.cdc.gov/mmwR/preview/mmwrhtml/rr5214a2.htm

Gun control is not about violence or crime."
"Yo juego una banda y soy de zona norte pero no juego a ninguno de los mencionados. Battlefield 4, star wars battlefront,civilization V, gta V, payday 2, todos los total war y alguno mas son los que juego online"
"[Read this](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/wiki/phonebanking#butteal). There's basically two things you can do. One of them is calling Bernie volunteers to help coordinating action. This is something that a machine could do. The other thing is basically simply asking people if they will vote Clinton or Sanders. You don't have to actually convince people.

But I want to argue that there's actually nothing wrong in convincing people. Would it be wrong if you tried to convince an American that global warming actually exists? It is actually desirable for the world to engage in such a discussion.
Now someone can say: but this is different, because it's a candidate. Well, you're not pointing a gun. You're providing people with points that **they can choose** to use when deciding which candidate they will choose. They are individuals, blessed with rationality. If they eventually use some of the intellectual ingredients which you've provided, then it was a good thing that you did so, not a bad thing. You didn't scam them. 

If at first sight this seems wrong it's only because unconsciously we associate politics with a scam. So we think that a conversation in this context is a scam. But it's not. If you're providing good points for people to be able to do better choices, then it is very desirable and laudable."
Wait what?
Says a vladimir flair.
Well the way you said it was pretty hostile I guess and a ton of people on this sub speak English as a second language so on this sub at least I tend to assume that they're not native speakers
Phantom Gizmo/Frozen Fantasy are decent choices fr mitigator.
"Same here. It happens to me with Netflix on my Android phone so I click the ""app switch"" button and close Netflix out completely, then restart it and that usually will fix it and bring the Cast icon back."
&gt; Lemon Tree split by weight of lemons
"it would be more of a raptorous, violent and explosive process over a simple, bloody cutting in half. guts and organ tissues etc. would fly everywhere, pressurized blood would spread all around. "
"You sir, are correct here. "
"Anyone else read ""Top 10 Coolest Games"" ? "
I believe they alter them but don't they turn black when exposed?
Is there proof ?
"Not a single reason given has been even close to coherent. Maintain your shit low-tier status if you want, and that's fine, but it's unfair to force it onto other people"
5 years in a jail cell where you cannot leave and have felony placed on your record is a little bit different from not being allowed to play in valve sponsored tournaments.
"I see, it didn't work in the past for me, but my Chloe's runes are lacking and I should probably work on them and maybe it will make a difference. Thanks"
"No. It was some random criminals. 

Seriously? My local housing estate has a gang of white ""youths"" who pick fights on nights out. Does that mean that all White Youths are criminals? No. Common bloody sense applies there. 

But when we discuss Muslims? Nope. None. Seriously? I have Muslim friends. I don't know a single one who opposed the jailing of the Rotherham paedophiles. Along with any other paedophiles who touched children. 
"
"I am not sure how this works in practice. 

If the income listed as ""other income"" on your taxes is not linked to illegal sources, I am not sure how the amount on your tax form has much probitive value. There could be any number of sources of ""other income"" (e.g., barter income, gambling income, hobby income). In which case (depending on the crime Defendant is accused of), the amount of money in the ""other income"" category on a tax form could be considered irrelevant and not be admitted as evidence.

I would be interested to hear others' thoughts on this -- I am neither a litigator nor a tax attorney.
"
"If you go from uniform to contractor you're a fucking merc. "
"It's a kids show.  "
"*Less* granularity, I think you mean. 

Edit: just stop using ""more"" and ""less"" granularity because the meaning varies with the field. Use ""fine"" and ""coarse"". "
huehuehue
"I'm not sure exactly what they want, they want me to either return it or keep it. I've been on the phone with them now 9x and have explained the situation to different people, all of whom appear to be too stupid or incapable of doing anything. They didn't seem to care if I had purchased the product or not.

I'm also unclear if they want me to reauthorize the payment or not, since I'm definitely not going to. I have also emailed their support 5x and have been met with the same problems."
"*Accuser was marching apace from the beach back towards the residential district of Red Hook. He'd taken the liberty of wading in the water to remove most of the incriminating stains and stench of blood and putrefied flesh, leaving him instead soaked and smelling of the sea. It was a brisk night, and he allowed himself a shiver as he proceeded through the streets.*

*Moving around in costume and avoiding most notice was second nature by now. Remaining in the dark shadows of smaller alleys and under awnings, any who did see him were the strata of people who knew better than to approach. He didn't seem up to any particularly villainous business; he walked with a spring in his step.*

*Despite his meagre efforts, glimpses of him would be available on private security networks. By the time he was two blocks from the lift he currently called home, any nearby with total access to such video feeds (a ludicrous notion, of course) would be able to intercept him.*"
"Ah, smart! "
French Fried Potatoes (the sequel to Green Fried Tomatoes).
"People in this sub are obsessed with the T. Probably because most are students or commuters.  It's really lame. "
1.25 arrow keys would be cool but I guess kbt race and the ak33 are not that common?
"Nice! Griptilians really are fantastic knives. 

http://imgur.com/ksR5Xwc"
"I paraphrased the opening post for easier reading guys
""Shitpost pls downvote"""
[deleted]
Red City Radio - Red City Radio
"I don't know, they guy in the gif made a good attempt at your title.  Was only 3/4 chub in hardness."
HAHAHAHAHA GOTTA GO FAST.
[deleted]
"That's why someone that commits a non-dangerous crime - driving without a license e.g. - will go to prison to be ""locked up"". *Right*"
youre right about the personal informations but they are mostly always lying about that they liked it
"At first I had a hard time imagining him doing theatre, but some of his stuff (reservoir and 8 come to mind) would translate really well. "
"I just ran the numbers on Yew Logs for FM, 90MXP / 270xp/log * 211gp/log comes out to 70.333M GP, and if you go BA for double XP that price halves. I did FM a very long time ago with maples, however. Cooking I finished this year doing Sharks with Sous Chef's, Dwarven Army Axe and Portable Range and I think I barely lost anything. Definitely no where near 150-200M, anyway."
"lol @ sucking, never seen that on Howard Stern"
I put a picture in that told me I looked stunning and then another one and it told me I looked 'nice'. What does it go out from?
The pervasive and virulent nature of religion and superstition.  It's amazing to me just how strongly people believe in the unbelievable.
"Oh and because of this he's building his new PC [LIVE on stream](http://twitch.tv/kurtjmac)!

Edit: MORE HYPE WITH THE SUDDEN ARRIVAL OF A SUB BUTTON \o/"
"We can do the Mermaid set tonight, if you're okay with not having the screen, wallpaper and floor."
"I used to make set pieces for warhammer and 40k... That's about the same amount of time to hand carve a piece from foam block and paint it and add all the doodads. Cool stuff man! "
Time bombs with pyrejelly and flamecrystals embedded. not a bad thought!
"I've been following them but they all disappear eventually "
"My friend worked at a small IT equipment store. He was fed up with his job there, because he wasn't getting payed well. He decided to do a [HowToBasic](https://www.youtube.com/howtobasic) in the store when the owner wasn't there. Just when he proceeded to make the video, the owner of the store came back (my friend forgot to lock the door), and found him there, on top of a desk, with his pants down and filming himself with his smartphone doing crazy shit. Somehow, he didn't immediately fire him, and he worked there for another month or so before he quit."
"A few stocks, since Nov. 2008, for comparison;

Google up 315%

Apple up 550%

Smith &amp; Wesson up 808%"
"/u/Liliana_Warlock, Your submission was removed for violating the following rules:

Rule I - No pictures with added/superimposed text. || No comics, maps or infographics



For information regarding this and similar issues please see the [rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/about/rules/). If you have any questions, [please feel free to message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fpics). Thank you!"
"If you want to see a good snapshot of the world of finance in the middle of the 2000s, yes. If you want to see a compelling movie, no."
83% of all statistics are made up.
"Agreed. It really comes down to whether you want to choose the option to pay a foreign company that outsources their work to 13 year olds that are paid the most minimum of wages or if you want to support an American artist. The materials will be the same, unless they sell you glass and lie about it, but that's a whole different story. 

Edit; it's the truth fellas. America has not streamlined the illegal glass market yet but many countries with little to no restrictions on employee age or quality control are taking advantage. I'm not the one who makes the rules I'm just the one explaining them to you all. Don't shoot the messenger. "
[removed]
Naruto Shippuden Most reading ive ever done
Thank you very much for this really interesting answer including easy-to-understand explanations and AMA! :)
"""Heyyy, did it hurt when you fell from heaven? 'Cause you're an--""

""It was a bomb.""

""...Oh. Huh."""
"yeah man next time bring your radar gun "
Me too! Yeah!
"&gt; an ad break vortex

*shudders*"
I think your stream has a slight delay. I'm pretty sure you're one year behind as this event is AGDQ '16.
I love them. Blue's amazing for Zyra.
"Q: What's the difference between menstrual blood and sand?

A: You can't gargle sand."
"Have you checked out the heights fire station? An old building turned venue with a few updates. You get a big parking lot and get to rent the whole building from 9am til 2am I believe. You can only use their furniture but you bring in your own decorations, food, drinks. Everyone always says the old lady who runs the place is mean but I never had a problem with her. "
"With that oddly shaped head and the green jacket you look like Koopa trooper "
[removed]
Love affirmations!
"The HP films fully caught up Rowling's published material by 2006, and Warner looked ready to overtake her. But, unlike George, she focused on delivering the last booksand avoided the embarrassment he is now feeling.

It isn't important. What George said is bollocks, whether HP counts as a valid comparison in your mind or not. There is no causal connection between the type of arrangement he had with HBO and his inability to get books out faster than 2 in the last 16 years. "
"You will need an amp to power a sub, which will have an RCA input for LFE. Most people use a plate amp built into the enclosure for subs, but external ones are available, too."
My friend Kevin lives in Hampton roads and might be interested. PM if that works.
"um I asked for comments from women... are you ""confused""?"
I thought you meant dudes just walked on into tournament play and dominated. But this was way more awesome.
Water dripping through holes in the ceiling.
Engine limitations and coding clutter was a big problem. I was mad about 1 year ago but now i am happy they changed. Now i can look forward and see a game with much bigger potential.
"[](/cchmm) You are into watersports and blood right?

Question about the blood: what kind of things do you like? A lot or a little of blood, shallow or deep cuts, neat cuts or more mutilation?

&gt;&gt;It's not like I like my dick and balls or anything, but still ;-;

&gt;You and me both, buddy.

Because of being asexual (?), or...?"
"thanks! I'll keep these in mind. That game they barreled through mid as a pack. I retreat back to the archway towards CT spawn or the site corner. It was difficult that game because quad side couldn't hold and I got pinched a lot. My teammates on B site force bought every round so there wasn't much team economy either. "
"I feel like this was everyones faut but yours. 
sue them all!!!!!!"
awesome! on sephora's website the travel size is 1/3 of the size but 4/5th of the price as the full-size one - eek! where do you get yours?
case closed i guess
"Someone mentioned gold and you said you loved it, well you just made my day a little brighter before bedtime, so here."
"The Star of David is not nearly as much as a Jewish symbol as the Menorah or Shofar or even Lulav. In fact it only became popular in the last 200 years. 

Kabala isn't magic. There is no such thing as magic. Where did you even get this idea? You know the Keys of Solomon or whichever grimiore you downloaded from /x/ is a forgery, right?

"
Since that's exactly what will happen /s
"I really like the spellfocus feat, and I think limiting it to one spell is a very effective way to balance it. Letting you reselect each level only makes more sense so you don't pick burning hands at lvl one and then are stuck with that for the rest of the campaign. It really makes sense for sneaky casting and misdirection."
"Norv's shit works vs Man and little pressurer. His dependence on long crossing routes as has a great chance to kill us in the playoffs. 


&gt; highest scoring team in that span IIRC.


Vs the Giants we had a pick 6, INT returned to the 4, INT returned to the 36, 2 50+ yard FGs. "
"Botrk gives you consistency which is extremely important on an assassin. That slow is absolutely brutal and gives you solid dueling power against tanks as well. "
10th TIP 9th DIG 8th RNG 7th TL 6th EF 5th CLG 4th Immortals 3rd C9 2nd NRG 1st TSM
Especially if the girl looks so much like Sophie.
"Proudly, defiantly ignorant and disdainful of intelligence."
"Woodbury is not a competent big man, so please don't put in Hammons."
"Awesome job man! So, how was the NR? I take it Thursday."
Arians.
"So many people, including me, have been waiting for a long time for a Black Panther movie. You must not know him very well if you think he won't translate to the big screen."
[deleted]
What a shit tier meme.
Dem assumptions tho
"14 on Junior Varsity, 11 on Varsity. There weren't many cuts lol."
That is insane
"""What about Finn?"" Juliet worked hard to keep the bitterness out of her voice by focussing on looking for a parking space."
"Poe and Finn have great camaraderie already, and I think that that will only strengthen as the films continue. As for Rey, I'm hoping that she will be more of the independent type kind of like how Luke was in the originals. A FinnxRey ship just doesn't *feel* quite right to me. 

I don't believe Finn is into Rey romantically. He's just very altruistic. I think Rey and Finn will simply evolve into really strong allies like Luke and Han before them. But....all we can do is wait lol"
This is only the 3rd time you've had to make this argument in this thread.
"The point of a ""silkroad"" is the fact that it is just that."
"Hey there! Thank you so much for taking the time to do the community a favor first of all.

Anyway, my clan name is TheFishGang. I was the first of my group of friends to play smite so when I saw them join my clan one after the other it kind of made me feel good inside.

Since we're TheFishGang, I kind of envisioned a bunch of Fishy thugs so a logo of a bunch of fish with nailed bats, tattoos and ""a smokey atmosphere"" is what I envisioned. 

Preferred color scheme would be blue for obvious reasons.

I love this: http://happymonsters.com/images/examples/illustration/character/fierce-fishing/fierce-fishing.jpg

but since we're talking logos I guess it would have to be more rounded and small.

I guess I dislike this: https://image.freepik.com/free-vector/koi-fish-vector-art_23-2147494665.jpg

since it's too simple and ""passive"" or ""calm"" for my gang of thug fishies"
"Hah!  It's an Aprilia,  not a Ducati ;) 

I actually haven't had any gremlins with this bike besides the well documented stuff (stator wires fixed and clutch slave replaced). It's been a daily driver since 2013 and isn't bad for maintenance.  I just did my 15k valve service and the tolerances are all still like new! "
"* Trouble Shooting Guide to Residential Construction by Steven Bliss, from the Editors of Journal of Light Construction

* The Home Reference book (Carson-Dunlop 26th Edition)

* Real Estate Home Inspection (Russell W. Burgess, 5th Edition)

* The Complete Book of Home Inspection (Norman Becker, P.E., 4th Edition)

* Modern Carpentry (Willis H. Wagner, Howard Bud Smith)

* Plumbing (Michael A Joyce)

* Electrical Wiring Residential 18th Edition (Ray C Mullen; Phil Simmons)

* 2016 National Home Improvement Estimator (Ray F Hicks)

* Dampness in Buildings (Oxley &amp; Gobert, 2nd Edition)

* Basic Home Repairs (Sunset Books)
"
Woodbury looks like a Goomba from the Super Mario Bros. movie.
What Ultron pieces do you have?
those aren't wolves
"I love how well they've done the animations on some of these characters.  Kylo's swings are exactly how he was in the movie, strong and uncontrolled.  And abilities like Sid's AoE that are taken directly from the show/movies are so fun.


I really like this game so far."
"I know guys in high school that pushed high 300s and they eerent genetic freaks. "
The points all point to clues to where a secret treasure is buried obviously.
An Asda in Scotland
"http://www.lolking.net/guides/336974

9/10 times the Top Guide of a champ on Lolking is better than the Top Guide on Mobafire/Solomid.

If you want more: http://www.lolking.net/guides/"
Thanks!
How it works that a palm print is physical evidence?
"The effects are too intense, in my opinion. A good portion of people that have taken them will say the same thing. Both of them keep you impaired for too long in a way that can be a danger to others around you. Medical uses maybe, but not recreational for  psychedelics."
Tank Mode: Engaged
"The fuzzy feelings when humanity rallies together for a good purpose. "
"god no, worlds far safer than it has been for a long time and its gotten a lot more progressive as well. Things are on the up an up, it all just seems a bit closer to home because we live in a time of non stop online information. Look at the terror attacks europe was going through in the 70s and 80s, way more than nowadays and often more deadly. At least nobodies really hijacking planes anymore "
"I guess it would be cool if the DaS2 guys weren't just NPCs wearing armour from the base game. Shadows are a non-linear fight that changes substantially as it goes. And considering the vastly increased player mobility in Bloodborne, Shadows really warrant no complaining. They're dynamic and quite fair, even a bit on the easy side since they nerfed their aggressiveness. The Caster used to be vastly more spammy and the candle holder was almost as in your face as the main melee dude. Anyways, the comparison is really night and day. A better comparison would be to the post-bloodmoon Yahar'Ghul Chapel trio."
"To other users posting on this thread (and **not** to the submitter of this particular thread): offering on price check and question threads is not allowed. Failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban.

Sharking is not tolerated here, and any attempt made *will* result in a permanent ban.

[Please refer to our subreddit's rules as well if you have any doubts.](http://www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Religion "
And Cynthia grounded Lance.
[Pixiv](http://www.pixiv.net/member.php?id=11578499)
"op story "
Can you see a longer one?
"It is that way in most countires. Especially for China and the US. I hope we never become as bad as China though. "
"Where are you getting this from? The proposal is not some concession to SocDem forces in the party. There is *way* more pressure from the long-time socialists who have morphed a particular tactic about how to relate to the Democratic Party into an enshrined principle (understandably, due to the extended weakness of the left in the US). Please concentrate your attacks on the perspectives and tactics actually outlined in the proposal rather than your sense of why they were arrived at."
"Is still working? If so, are these blacklisted like the VIP outfits? Lastly, anyone want to help me get the police outfit? I'm on PS4. "
"Lol k, read about the southern strategy, thug has been a dog whistle for a while"
He went invis
"Real chemistry is very rare, but you both know it when it happens. My sister was a bar tender and she ended up with the charming guy that was  her age, that came to the bar regularly long before she worked there.  

Big difference maybe? She came to him. She could tell he had registered his interest and then left the issue alone, respectfully, so she made the offer.


For reference, they've been together for 7 years and have 2 small boys. "
"So, am I to understand they push out rushed buggy content so fast, you have to buy the current tier gear from the cash shop, to keep up? "
Thanks -- it makes sense!
Or your horned frogs before they've metamorphosized.
U!!!
"well you [can google the dictionary results just as easy as I can](https://www.google.com/search?q=regulated&amp;oq=regulated&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.2215j1j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=122&amp;ie=UTF-8)

i am just completing the convo, because most of you on your side, love to leave that first part out.


But since you asked, yes i do believe their are limits to arms ownership, like nuclear. Arms is a general term for weapon. Nuclear arms are weapons. WE have no problem banning nukes from the people. the question becomes where we draw the lines. no matter which side of the debate you are on.

but i will ask you a question, the 1st says congress shall make no law.. first word the second different? and do you agree with the limits on speech we do have, like slander, false advertising, no free speech in schools

"
"I always wanted a marriage and wasn't fussed about weddings. Then I got engaged and got excited! "
"Today i saw one guy at the gym for his first time , he did 5 reps at 100kg bench. I can't even do it for one rep ;_;"
"Rocket league...... "
"I'll wait for it, I can't use a proper computer 'til: monday for now :S (yep, 3DS browser)"
I too hate the Rams.
"Wait, so everyone is no longer a moemon?"
"If I wasn't married and employed by a corporation that specified relaxed business casual (wear jeans every day) even for programmers, I'd wear nothing but jeans, band t-shirts, and hiking books. I don't give a shit about style. 

But sometimes my wife likes to use me as a life-size Ken doll. So I have and wear nicer clothes for her. "
"Ideelt set skulle det jo gerne være den sidstnævnte definition, der er dækkende for privat ejendomsret. Alligevel ser man en eller anden underlig konstruktion i dagens Danmark og andre steder i verden, hvor man på den ene side har og hylder privat ejendomsret og på den anden side har en stat, der gerne vil kontrollere folks brug af krop og sind igennem lovgivning på forskellige områder, hvor brugen af rusmidler nok er det mest kendte eksempel. Så man bør nok i et eller andet omfang skelne mellem privat ejendomsret som en henholdsvis teoretisk og empirisk konstruktion, hvor sidstnævnte ikke kan defineres lige så clear cut som førstnævnte."
sent for flip
Choking is a huge red flag.  It's not OK and it's only a tiny fraction of the mess you just wrote down.  You need to end this toxic relationship.
"I'm looking at coming to Denver and staying at an AirBnB. I've narrowed it down to a place in Baker and a place in Five Points. Which would be the coolest for a first time visitor to Denver?

I'm looking ideally for walkability and cool places to eat/drink semi-nearbyish but I'm also fine with riding public transit to do those things if neither of those neighborhoods are great. I'm far more interested in staying in a cool neighborhood than a tourist trap."
It all depends on charges with level 8 cwdt and 10 ic with my 5 charges I get about 4 seconds of coverage and have enough time to reapply endurance charges for the next oh shit moment. It all depends on setup tbh and I have molten shell in that link as well so it gets tanky pretty fast.
Good thing i never read the top shower thoughts. This oc comment is great. /s
Chill the fuck out.Your first one? You are just in a rookie crisis.
[deleted]
"Ah ok, my bad then"
"Today he's the top of the thread. "
"There's lots of absurd cards if you start comparing neutral and class cards. "
"Somalia is 15th, but they are in civil war.

Algeria, Egypt, Libya, Morocco, and Tunisia are also in the top 40.

I'm just saying to fact check what wikipedia actually states.

Of course, this does not mean that Islam is evil (unlike how it is portrayed in Western media).
"
"This. I've been doing this and it's just great. Don't even bother with any supports or w/e lol. Since you're going for a Crit team here, you can just focus on using up all the stars."
You can document all the occurrences. You can ask the police to witness exchanges or have other witnesses do so. Custody and terminating parental rights are two different battles. They are both costly. I am not a lawyer (yay me!) but this seems to be a decent [link](https://www.rosen.com/childcustody/carticles/child-custody/) from your state.
"He didn't improve technically...

He is faster, stronger, and fitter. that's about it.

His shooting is still the same. His crosses still awful. His passes still lack the cutting edge and his reading of the game is still the same since he first came into the squad (maybe a bit better.)

He just simply reacts to the ball and doesn't really think of the consequences of his position."
"Ouch, I'm only 22. Don't care about looking younger - but I can ditch the hollister clothes in favour of the browner (?) look?

TIL [Americana / Workwear](https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/2ok9rt/super_americanaworkwear_collection_guide/)

"
It's actually a photo I took! Scanned the negative and turned it into a wallpaper.
"&gt;  high key pretty

This made me laugh."
"[**@getcerebral**](https://twitter.com/getcerebral):
&gt;[2016-01-02 20:50:57 UTC](https://twitter.com/getcerebral/status/683390043856220164)

&gt;you blew it! is such a sick band

[**@getcerebral**](https://twitter.com/getcerebral):
&gt;[2016-01-02 20:54:10 UTC](https://twitter.com/getcerebral/status/683390850819317765)

&gt;like there's such a warmth and tonal firework on both their LPs. Grow Up, Dude has the same feeling I swallowed at my first house show.

[**@getcerebral**](https://twitter.com/getcerebral):
&gt;[2016-01-02 21:04:19 UTC](https://twitter.com/getcerebral/status/683393405897031682)

&gt;I may have swallowed some terrible keg beer at that first house show too. RIP Rock Bottom XX.

[**@TheGunzShow**](https://twitter.com/TheGunzShow):
&gt;[2016-01-02 21:06:27 UTC](https://twitter.com/TheGunzShow/status/683393942273024001)

&gt;[@getcerebral](https://twitter.com/getcerebral) uhhh

[**@getcerebral**](https://twitter.com/getcerebral):
&gt;[2016-01-02 23:17:11 UTC](https://twitter.com/getcerebral/status/683426844696272896)

&gt;[@TheGunzShow](https://twitter.com/TheGunzShow) yes?

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3z79u7%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)
"
"Hey everyone! What's that over there? 

Suckers!"
Go in peace child. May the prophets guide you.
https://twitter.com/aaronbruski/status/683425094459363329
"its been a long time since i have been on the fourms for my priest but here is what i could dig up with a couple quick searches
http://www.skill-capped.com/forums/showthread.php?30842-Discipline-Priest-PvP-Guide-Warlords-of-Draenor
http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/topic/15355235495
http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/topic/15353456411
 you can also take a look at my priest here http://us.battle.net/wow/en/character/earthen-ring/Blorekt/advanced

good luck in arena and hope to see you out there
"
"thanks man "
"Nothing silly about child safety, brah! We've got ten adults, each one certified with wicked CPR skillz!"
"So you *could* calculate it if you knew all the details? That's what I always thought, thanks for the confirmation."
nice amount of kills on awp imo.
http://i.imgur.com/sy9lVl4.jpg
[deleted]
Thank you!
"I just posted that to see if you'd get salty and embarrass yourself with another comment like this one.

Happy to see you did."
"nice man, i really want to give one of those a try. is it any good?"
"I find this less shocking than the fact that the highest ranking horde EU 3s team is number 700 or something. "
"Exactly.  I'm not sure why people keep ignoring us but our normally reliable Rivals guys are saying we are the clear #2 behind Michigan at this point. 



I have to say, it would be pretty funny to see the meltdown if we sign him, as a lot of people would think we just swooped in out of nowhere on the top player without realizing how long we've been in the game.  "
For some reason I just got hard as a mother fucker. I'd never done LSD before and it just made me fuckin hard. Can't explain it
Marijuana is the reason i havent killed anyone inn an accident
"Yeah that's the only thing that bugs me about having a bike. People love to judge like they've never done retarded shit on a motorcycle.   

We all do it and if people ride the way I see a lot of people commenting on this sub they ride like grandmas.   

Don't get a bike if you're not gonna push the envelope every once in awhile. "
Probably Gail Berman.
"This is interesting to me because I get called a psychopath on an almost daily basis here, and have been told by more than one therapist that I have ""strong antisocial (sociopathic) traits"".  I don't cast friggin' spells on anyone though, at least not that I know of."
yellowstar is on the list for tsm twice
"i hear ya. i look like a fucking owl when i'm rolling, but i don't smile so i guess that might be the reason why people might think i'm not having a good time."
F
"[](/rarityreally) [OP is being perfectly reasonable](https://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony/comments/3z66wk/why_are_bronies_a_thing/cyjk18c) and simply asked a question; there's no need to insult a visitor for no reason whatsoever like you just did. This is not your first comment that doesn't exactly please [Rule 1.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1.3A_be_pony-like) Please, take a look at it before you make further comments in this subreddit."
"apologies, didn't have one at the time haha"
Wut? blak scrw u
"I don't have any pictures because at the moment it's a pipe dream but here's the link for when they did [it](http://www.diyautotune.com/tech_articles/megasquirt-carb-to-efi-part1-nova.htm). "
[Metro Redux](http://store.steampowered.com/sub/44169/) is on all three platforms.
[deleted]
Dyer certainly had an awful match.
I 2nd that motion Lasagna is life.
"Cheers 
:)"
DMG to GNM.. it adds up
I would destroy anyone I found out was doing something this horrendous
"Dm's choice. Wants a ""Like Unto Gods"" playthrough. Might try to convince him for an 11 lvl though.

edit: Couple guys moving from the game group to across the country kind of a one shot sendoff"
"I love anti-circlejerks. Therefore I love Alabama and the SEC, I love Derrick Henry, my hatred for the Cubs is even more strong now than ever before, and a host of other things...

So yes, this makes me nice and moist. Keep on keepin' on, SEC."
"Which do you think.  "
Yah. But a really disgusting attempt at satire.
The translucent green Japanese pressing by any chance?  Found that same one for $25.  Not totally sure what year it's from.
Absolutely brilliant
How do I download it if the computer doesn't boot?
It's so hilarious.  I can't tell where it's looping bit I don't care.  I watched it for a good minute and a half.
"Really nice back and forth between the consciousnesses in your character. The end kinda rubbed me wrong, though.

If I saw one of my people talking to a guy, and then my dude gets his throat ripped out via telekinesis, I'm pretty sure I would shoot first and ask questions later. "
Someone sell me a PDMP! I have an offer in for one that was 250k on TP but they're not accepting. My draik got zapped into a pteri so I need to morph him back before I zap again in case I get a good colour change
"&gt; This doesn't look like 2008 where everyone was leveraged up the wazo.

[Total Credit Market Debt](https://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/graph/fredgraph.png?g=2ieP)
"
&lt;3
"Watch the movie, ""Robots"""
0118 999 something something something 3
"[We might not. From the AT wikia for the episode Red Starved:](http://adventuretime.wikia.com/wiki/Red_Starved)

&gt;This episode shows that when Marceline bites someone, they do not become a vampire or a zombie. This is most likely due to the fact that she isn't actively trying to do such a thing when she drinks Princess Bubblegum's blood, but she has stated that she is capable of turning someone into a zombie by biting them in ""Evicted!"""
ge
"Just because it also makes sense from a business perspective doesn't mean it isn't sexist. It's discriminating against women based solely on their gender, pretty much a textbook definition of sexism. "
"&gt;one of them was about Furiosa, not Max, maybe he makes that?

But that's almost exactly what we got already "
my iPhone weather app had a snowflake by it for Sunday in Charlotte
"I am not disagreeing with you on the BP thing, at all. It's just completely unnecessary to put some kind of moratorium on hiring coaches at any point in the season and doesn't make sense to me. Coaches who make it about themselves or act sleazy deserve being called out, but they shouldn't ruin it for everyone else."
[removed]
Highest MMR player on your team doing bans is the correct answer here.  This guy has it right.
Wow! This America sounds like it has absolutely no racial issues at all!
"well, how about Palutena/Bowser Jr/Villager/Dark Pit/Mewtwo for Pit/Jigglypuff/Mega Man/Sonic/Sheik?

And just to make sure I've got that all correct, Bowser Jr, Dark Pit, and Mewtwo are all OOB, yes?"
"""Cheaper at first glance, but we also get your taxes."""
"1) Yes she does. And she has healthreg in Coin + Pots. ""Nearly melee for heal""? You dont even know your champion. Her heal has 550 range. Thats the AA range of most ranged champions in League. So she should usually be on max range to her heal target - thats 550 - + lets assume her target is on max range to the enemy ADC - thats another 550. 1100 range to the closest enemy is hardly being in danger. Heal - move back - heal. Thats even less danger for you there.

If you blow your CC on Soraka - her carries are free to damage you. If Soraka got AOEd - Soraka played poorly and mispositioned.

2) She uses her HP, I got it. She also has pots, a healthreg mastery, a Q to get HP back and also get health back from your minions. I already explained how much range Soraka actually has to work with, dont think I have to do it again. 

&gt; It also doesn't sound like you support a lot because every non-tank support positions like this.

I am a dia3 support main with somewhat about 65% winrate on support around all of my accounts (all of them are dia). My main supports are Janna, Nami, Lulu, Sona. I do play Soraka when she is open and usually do destroy any possibility of fun for the enemies even though I am not even good on her.

Why am I telling this to you? Soraka is the only champion that should be standing behind her ADC. Any other non-tank support has to be at least on ADC level and provide lane pressure with poke  and wards (if your match up isnt completely terrible). Soraka is the only support that does not need to do so because her AD can trade on his own and trades will be won because of the heal while Soraka is by no means in any kind of danger.

Sure you dont want to admit that your champ is stupid, but she really is. There is a reason she is perma banned in high elo and even was banned in competetive games."
The [New Farm Weathercam](http://www.weathercamnetwork.com.au/archive.large.html?vi=new_farm/2016/01/11/982x737_195040.jpg) got a really great snap of it too.
[removed]
"By Jack Handy : Sometimes sitting on bed naked with the windows opened, I felt cold!"
If only he could rebound in traffic.
"Sounds like a win-win situation.That'll teach them for delaying my package by one extra day."
"Ah, ok. When on reddit you can't tell people attitude/tone very well, sorry!"
I swear I didn't know they were doing the genocide run when I was sewing it for him! I feel terrible lol
Right that's like eating fries without mayo
We look forward to more
"Good trolls are appreciated. You aren't a good troll. "
"Same. Doing full time school and full time work and it sucks. Social life is non-existent during my semesters. It's definitely not impossible but it's not easy. "
"Oh it's AMAZING! So beautiful. You'd like it there, there's a city called New Orleans that is still widely influenced by French culture."
"YUM! I was hoping for mini marshmallows but Nutella sounds divine! Lately, I've been putting a shot of rum in whatever hot beverage I have."
"But if you're only gonna buy stuff you want anyway, what's the difference? "
"To be fair my cousin from Ohio posted a video of his mom tasing him so there's that "
[removed]
"You write 1 post, I don't agree with it and already you are crying?  Thanks for the 'debate'."
Yep.
"Your poor thing- you've just described my version of hell. My parents also like to rent vacation houses, then be a little less than truthful about how many fit there.  My SO and I just don't participate. Hotels, all the way."
"Yeah it would just be *terrible* if all the fucked up stuff happening at gitmo actually held people accountable in trials.. just the worst. Will no one think of the torturers families?!? 

No seriously, anyone who didn't quit there job on the spot when sent there pretty much has it coming, they *are* just as big a part of the problem as the commanders. "
"Looking to get into one as well, so far all I've seen are posts from 4+ months ago. "
"WOW....That's what I meant.  How embarrassing for me.   I guess since I'm a product of the American public school system I'm proving my point in a way.  "
I like this one
good luck wading through this post itto LOL 4Head
..........
"If they work, obviously.  It takes a while to start working though.  "
"That's very typical, naive, liberally biased, Keynesian theory. Go read a book on economics and it will widen your view on the economy. It's not as boring as it sounds either."
Blue jackets aren't old enough
Do you doubt the Super Cena?
"
👍 thank you John. "
"  
[call to the grave](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Handlers/Image.ashx?name=call to the grave&amp;type=card&amp;.jpg) - [(G)](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=call to the grave) [(MC)](http://magiccards.info/query?q=!call to the grave)  
^^^[[cardname]] ^^^to ^^^call ^^^- ^^^Spoilers ^^^pre-available!"
oh no the disease is spreading
"I don't get any of the fanaticism for either Shake Shack or In n' Out. 
It's not because I'm comparing them to the amazing burgers out there. It's cause they're bad...just flat out not good. "
"Thanks, this video just rekindled my love for Lightning Bolt"
Nathan Fielder is behind this. I'm sure of it.
"""The Three prime materials in the art of pyrotechny are niter, sulphur, and clear coal, along with filings of iron, copper, zinc and resin, camphor, chellac, lyycopodium, etc.""  
I keep the book in my desk at work and has all kind of recipes from that era (random flipping) for things like, Kickapoo Buffalo Salve, Pharoah' Serpent's Eggs (firework), Gun Cotton, Egg Wine, Cement for Aquaria (Zoological Gardens of London recipe), Aqua Regia and so forth. "
Exploiters gonna exploit ^^
"I kind of agree, it was not the kindness of my heart that led me to kiss her"
"What I mean is, I already have all the content I want and would pretty much just pay for any future content upfront, so the random loot barely affects me if at all."
What part does he think is bad? The poor comedy or no heartfelt moments? Then show him clips that say otherwise because SU has it all
"A song of the super deluxe - yes, super deluxe - version of her last studio album: Rebel Heart."
"Blowing it up is such a stupid plan.  The government admitted it was millions of dollars.  Even if it was 'just' $9 million, we could split that up among the 300 million in the USA and everyone would get $433,333!  What are these guys thinking?!?!"
Avast freaked out over that link. Please use Imgur. :)
[removed]
no problem :)
6. They dont publicize it so people are unaware that such a program exists
I am a black person and can speak for all black people when I say I like it when white people call us derogatory names.
"Well I do have it on my phone :P If anyone tries to get in I get a text but I guess I will, thanks."
The fuck is he going to do? The Dardanelles are international waters. you know that right?
"&gt; not June 7th

does any normal person actually wait for the solstice to say it's summer, though? i start saying it's summer on june 1st."
"I know it was a commissioned work and part of it is really myth-making, but still, I'd like to think that Mozart wrote [Reqiuem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPlhKP0nZII) knowing that it would be his final piece of work, at least that's how it sounds to me.

Also, Joy Division's *Closer* was basically a premonition to Ian's suicide."
"I don't know how many people in this thread made it to Washington, D.C. for the 7th Anniversary of VE Day flyover, but I was amazed at how quiet the Lightning was. I assumed with two engines, it'd be loud. However, they're inlines, not radials. Big difference!"
"Ok, thanks for the info man. "
"Yeah I think I remember him saying it's supposed to be a companion track with Faucet, like they're a suite."
3 - 4 hits every half hour gets me about 4 hours of battery life. That's be using my LG HG2 battery
The numbers don't matter. The rule of thumb is to respect the income/mortgage ratio and people are way past it even in markets where there are not a significant amount of foreign investors. They exacerbate the problem but I don't believe they are the root cause. The current level of household debt speaks by itself.
[deleted]
Manitowoc county sheriffs are on the case.
[removed]
Cool! Thanks for the clarification.
"I think it's because you have less time to compare it to relatively. When your 8, something taking a month is in fathomable. It seems like a very very long time because it's a big chunk of your life. When your in your twilight years, a month doesn't seem that long in comparison."
[deleted]
why would you say that
"Someone that hacked people for a living "
Season 6 episode 1
"We are fighting PMO habit loop.  We stand and fight against our addiction.  Most of our loops start with curiosity or an unmet emoltional need.  Then we start to dig and dig toward p.  Then with p we start to edge then eventually PMO.  You more then likely need to break the loop completely.    But this is your battle you decide what you will fight and how.  We will stand with you in your personal fight.

Be strong"
The thing with Banks-Bayley was the story leading up to and being told in the match was better.
"Pot Noodle, they don't have it in America."
Or Icestone from The Aether.
"\&gt; intel i**4**

"
Dickhead and Dickheader.
"The red pill, seddit and gainit, some books "
"&gt; Surge pricing is there to ensure that people can get rides

What? Clearly not, because I doubt everyone would have accounted for a taxi ride home suddenly costing 8-10x more than usual. That is way past acceptable price increases too. It's literally ""be rich or fuck off""."
"It's all been bulldozed, the historical marker is gone. No traces of what happened there"
"Ahh yes, very lucky year for them, too bad they are being brutally exposed right now."
[deleted]
"At least in America, IDAHO spuds make McD's fries."
Do you really want to kill them? The Roman Emperor Nero had one of his best Generals die at a State Dinner - holding a fart out of respect/fear until he internally ruptured and died at the table. Nero then decreed that farting was proper and necessary therefore allowed in his presence. He said that he couldn't afford to lose any more his best Generals over something so trivial...
"I'm kind of rusty on this to be honest, but I'm pretty sure the difference is that a priori propositions are tautologies and grammatical ones are not.

EDIT: I should also note that Wittgenstein doesn't actually believe in these distinctions; it was something he was working out during his transitional period that made him change his mind."
"actually in his new movie dirty grandpa he plays an extremly fit, handsome, uptight preppy conservative who finds his inner sex symbol when him and his grandpa party during spring break. "
Drawn by [Hajie.](http://www.pixiv.net/member_illust.php?mode=medium&amp;illust_id=48502744) | [Danbooru](https://danbooru.donmai.us/posts/2248624)
"Wow.

That is super intense!

Thanks for sharing that.

My mind is blown."
I wouldn't be surprised if WoWs lost half it's player base once Gaijin comes out of hibernation and releases Naval Forces in the year 2027
"In the Summer my wife and I go car camping all over the state in a little Honda Insight. All roads to towns are at the very least passable by tiny hybrid. May is late enough that snow isn't really a concern.

Compared to the lower 48 our roads are garbage (pot holes and what not) but they are by no means so bad that you need a 4x4."
Dude's run one of the most powerful primary campaigns I've seen in a long time and he spent like nothing on it.  He scares the shit out of me.
"You PC bro? But really, we just find white women more attractive."
"Backwards Christians just as annoying as atheists "
"He asked me if he could be the high priest, essentially continuing to stir support for Ancalogy and against Danza. I'm all for it if you agree. "
"May I ask who? Because if Dillashaw couldn't do it, I don't see anyone else landing the killer blow. And he's far too slippery/high level a grappler to be submitted."
"God damn, as much as I love Dave Grohl, the absolute *fellating* he gets on Reddit wears a little fucking thin."
"Paladin already runs three 3 mana weapons, all with high durability, in 2x [[Muster for Battle]] and a [[Coghammer]], leaving no room for this. However it is a creatively designed card which hopefully could set the path towards more passive weapons or equipments built solely for the effect (staves for mages or priests, maybe?). "
"His real speaking voice was a deep voice! 

He hung out with Macaulay Culkin, and called him by his nickname ""Mac""!

He had a silent alarm in his house that alerted him to when one of his staff was outside his bedroom door!
"
Way to make hyperbolic generalizations that make you appear at least as blind as the people you claim to better.
"I sent a request as well
"
"Samsung is now also producing ultra-fast HBM memory.  
They showed, that they can make it so you can put up to 16 GB HBM VRAM on a GPU.  
The VRAM is also much smaller physically, resulting in smaller cards."
[deleted]
"The term ""term"" is now offensive. "
Dad sounds like he was proud of his Toyota...
Looks like he's staring at a couple golden globes
Give Maddox a break. He's busy writing code for his new book.
[deleted]
"How much I love him?? Are you reading the right posting history? I like this dude, but I am nowhere near in love with him. I don't even know him well enough to want to be his girlfriend.

I just like him. And I'm excited because he's the first dude I've hung out with in this way since my breakup with my ex six months ago. 

Also, I've had a lot of shitty stuff happen in the past few months and I guess I'm just excited to talk about something that is upbeat and fun rather than how much things were sucking. 

Sorry if I came off too strong. I'm just excited :)"
"Yeah, I heard that all the sperm that collects in their balls has its own gravitational pull, literally attracting women to their jizz."
Screw you cockroach
"God, their fan base is so cringey. ""WE WANT ADAM, ADAM4CREATIVE, ADAM CAN I SUCK YOUR DICK"""
"For a dad to get custody, he went through hell to do so.

Again the woman had the ONLY say in the child's birth.  If you can't understand that, conversation over. This is basic logic that you are ignoring by arguing in bad faith."
Home of the Animal House. I see no issues here.
"Maybe Jaden Smith Made The Website. "
"Because how do you go about banning an infinite combo? Ban the pieces? There's plenty of redundant cards that can be part of a combo.

Example: [[Altar of Dementia]] + [[Sun Titan]] + [[Fiend Hunter]] can infinitely mill the table. You ban combos, so what gets banned? Altar of Dementia? Well then just replace it with, say, [[Carrion Feeder]] to make him infinitely big. Or any other free sacrifice outlet while [[Blood Artist]] is on the field. Ban Sun Titan? Well just replace Sun Titan with [[Karmic Guide]], and it's still an infinite combo. Ban Fiend Hunter instead? Replace Fiend Hunter with [[Banisher Priest]]. Ban Fiend Hunter and Sun Titan together? Replace them with Karmic Guide and [[Reveillark]], and now you have a new combo. Ban Blood Artist? Replace it with [[Falkenrath Aristocrat]] or [[Zulaport Cutthroat]]. Ban all of the cards I listed? That's 10 cards banned for the sake of stopping a single infinite combo.

What if the rules said you can only repeat the same action 3 times in a row? Well then I can play Altar of Dementia + Karmic Guide + Reveillark, and as long as I have at least two different creatures with power 2 or less, I can alternate between them to still infinitely mill you while not taking the same game action more than twice in a row.

You can say ""ban infinite combo"" but the truth is there are so many different infinite combos that there is no feasible way to ban them all without crippling the entire format as a result."
"&gt;This reminds me of the time I was sending my boss a Skype message asking him if he needed the document badly, what I actually wrote was ..how bad do you need the document baldy? He is balding and back combs :/ He didn't say a single thing about it..Awkward!

https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/41p1gh/tifu_by_making_my_coworker_think_i_hated_her_work/cz47agv


&gt; reminds me of this one cringe time I was in the tea room, and someone made a really dark joke (rape or something), and I said ""yuup it's getting a bit dark in here now"", right as a black co-worker walked in. We locked eyes, there was silence, I shook my head, she left.


https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/41p1gh/tifu_by_making_my_coworker_think_i_hated_her_work/cz46rt3


These made me simultaneously cringe and crack up.  and i'm at work &gt;.&lt;"
[Source](https://www.instagram.com/p/BApcWQ0nqt9/)
Together standing tall!
"&gt;[**Carson Marion - Lose Yourself Tonight (feat. JLH) (Audio) [4:32]**](http://youtu.be/SP5D3VF_2lg)

&gt; [*^carsonmarionmusic*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCz8wCheaH0dwh-SZlau-uvw) ^in ^Music

&gt;*^361 ^views ^since ^Apr ^2015*

[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)"
More cartoons with actual plot like Korra or Steven Universe.
"Chili. Hated it then, can't get enough of it now."
Thanks MAN! I just cashed out a bayonet rn easy stuff WOO!
"So, the speaker my roommate has allowed me to connect via bluetooth.... I set an alarm for 6am.... 6 am came and my music blasted from the speaker.


Mind, maybe, explaining what miracle I worked? "
"no need to look for one, I'll do the research. Hope class went well!

As someone who is taking a test tomorrow morning for teacher certification I don't know how to feel about that haha but I guess I've been on reddit in class many a time so who am I to judge..."
"I'm one of the few people who really REALLY liked Man Of Steel. I thought it was a great movie. IMO I think that Zach Snyder has more passion for the Universe than anyone in Marvel does. He fully understands Superman's character and I cannot wait to see what he does with Batman and Wonder Woman. 

The biggest problem I have with Marvel Films is that I've never felt like there was a threat or any danger to the characters. The Villains are extremely lackluster (YellowJacket comes to mind...). And unlike most, I'm getting real tired of the constant light heartedness of the Marvel movies. A city is being lifted into the air, and they are cracking corny jokes... It's tiresome."
Just be sure to bring home the bacon.
"Bless your heart, and I don't mean that in any type of sarcastic way. Seriously. I can't stand it when Oregonians come over and when they come up to my check stand they're like, ""I'm Oregon."" Like they don't even ask, they just expect it. It's incredibly rude. Unfortunately my store accepts it so I have to deal with it, but ugh. And my favorite is when they get so pissed because you can't accept their expired or invalid license, on a purchase of like $2 where they'd be saving $.16 anyway. Like why? "
Working at work? Pfffft!
"I had a similar thought when I was about 5. I thought color in general wasn't ""invented"" until it could be viewed on the tv. But I was about 5, not a 9th grader..."
I wanna open those car doors for cover! Lol
If your deck is up to par then sure get tirion if not I'd recommend maybe using some dust to get and improve the deck overall since one legendary Isn't enough to compensate are for it
"Title: Canonball Run

**Level ID: 4ECE-0000-019B-9120**

Description: Somewhat traditional level with canonballs as the main obstacles to overcome. (medium - hard level difficulty)"
I guess we could aim for Saturday's if that works better
"It burned really even and hit very hard but went around for only 1 1/2 rotations in a group of ab 6. Definitely worth it, it was only about 2 grams anyways."
"Not good for Cleveland that's for sure "
[removed]
"introducing rocket launcher
introducing stattrack grenades
expanded red outline for top player to all other game modes
introducing de_nuketown
3 more stattrack music kits
game goes free to play
rebuffed R8 because no one is using it
nerfed assualt rifles
cache fixes

what am i missing?  besides the ability to format reddit posts correctly
"
"These are all my go to foods! I've been vegan for about 9 months and I have found it to be simple to still eat all of my favorite dishes with just a few accommodations. I am a post college student dealing with student loans so cheap food is the route that I have to take. If you would like to check it out, I have a youtube channel (Claudia Gleason )that you can check out which includes a few simple recipes. Beans and veggies will become your new best friend :) "
What the hell man. Excel???
You ask her.  If she says yes start organizing. If she says no say cool thanks and walk away.
Can't please them all.
"Bwahahahaha, was für Pantoffelhelden. Mit vier Leuten reinstürmen und beim kleinsten Hauch von Gegenwehr den Schwanz einziehen.

Die wären damals ja nicht mal über die polnische Grenze gekommen."
"How is this nonsense the top vote... do people actually agree with this?

I hope you don't mind if i come to your house and rummage through your presses and cupboards, it's in the name of terrorism after all. Sure you have nothing to hide, right?"
"I have been banned, now appealing to the mods.  "
Ayup.
"I still think the best place to start Taverly Dungeon &amp; Brim dungeon scans are with hoardstalker ring teleports. Zanaris I start at the astral altar with wicked hood teles but I understand a lot of more gainz-minded people use those teleports for other ungodly reasons.

As for the Ardougne one, I have never had that location to the far southwest once. Ever. So I just dip south after crossing the bridge like 10 paces to scan the spot west of the zoo instead of looping all the way around west Ardougne before backtracking to it.

Still a great Update as always :D Looking forward to Wilderness Volcano &amp; Lumby swamp caves"
"If he is in offline mode, yes, but as long as he entered offline mode *before* you went online."
It's pâte à sucre. They're awesome.
"Thanks man. I figured as much. I just didn't know if my thinking was off that ""if it is in the box and no one asks to sign or pickup, I am good to go"". the most i ever thought of was an oz of pot. I alwasy figured if they found it, they'd just confiscate it instead of setup a buy over an oz but who knows these days"
"Could be a Dungeon Crawl: Stone Soup reference too, or a reference to any game that ASCII graphics or tile packs."
Bruh. Where was the spoiler tag?
-_-
"True But Id like to start a guild in general,have any suggestions"
[deleted]
"The main point is that if you were suffering a cluster you would have no doubt what so ever, the pain is utterly debilitating, you would not be able to work through it, being able to crawl from the floor to the bed is a major achievement.

The most common symptoms to look for are a droop in the eye lid on one side or both, runny nose and pain usually on one side of the face and head, lots and lots of pain.

Clusters usually have a short duration compared to migrains"
"Did your vagina smell?  Were you overbearing?  Were you clingy?  Did you try to control him?  Other than that, I've got no idea what could be wrong with you. "
"Buddy, I support universal Healthcare, but Canadians are the vegans of the internet. If you can't tell whether or not someone's Canadian, just wait and they'll tell you. "
"Big Ben not a number 1 pick. He's won Super Bowls. "
"Over-pronounced bass and recessed mids is about the opposite of what I hear. I would consider this a midrange-heavy headphone if anything, particularly in the upper midrange."
"Haha. Yeah, I thought you meant slacklineing and just said highline. I definetly have never highline in accident. Great video! I will check out the facebook. The query trail is rad, i think it goes all the way up to the Colfax area. From what I can tell on maps. I've never done the whole lenght.Do you live in auburn?"
"But there's hope? I think?! "
Antervention - starring Dr Ron Bennington
"No? "
"Vinny has been my favorite hockey player since I've started watching hockey. This makes me very happy to hear, and I hope he keeps it up. "
Nothing wrong with the music.. It's just too LOUD!!!
"I see, thanks!

And does the cushioning for the seat go flatter over time? Or does it feel the same to you."
"As with most non-iap boxes you have a decent amount of good stuff but not all for one team. Your best team looks to be something based around Ra with LKali and Isis subs. However, that could quickly change depending on what you roll next. Do you by any chance happen to have a fat chocobo? If yes, I would go all in on that team as focusing on one team first will allow you to clear more content quickly. If you don't, then I would still invest heavily into the Ra team, but also hold onto some resources as long as I could still clear consistently. Lastly, I would hold onto the red snowglobe until I needed to feed it into something to continue clearing content. However, if you are using Gadius lead most of the time, using it on Gadius after evoing it could be worth it.
Please feel free to ask any follow up questions as they arise."
"Bro, if you could give a real reason why vaping bothers you I might respect your opinion. But ""it's annoying""? Glad to see you put so much thought into that. I'm annoyed by people who talk too loud and people who drive too slow. Let's ban all of them from public, too. "
I always learned in school that both are grammatically correct
well at least their dental plan is still intact..
Brittish.
[removed]
"robinsons look like he is made of only muscle and that he just spraypaints skincolor onto him so he looks human
"
Rampant antisemitism.
"So what you are getting at, is that mr.4813 is an insider who may be feeding us legitimate information for the ARG? "
[removed]
"Tackle swipe is an exploit due to how animation cancelling functions. However, rather than attempt to remove the animation cancelling, they are reducing the damage in general to try to reduce the strength of the abilities alone.

Rais' pistol damage is significantly higher than intended, which follows the example of a bug.

In addition, you continue to compare an exploit to an exploit. Stop doing that, it is absurd and ridiculous. Compare to the intended functions and you can see that the exploit is a hell of a lot faster.

Also, a half second is extremely relevant. If you don't think that timing can change the tide of a game, then your understanding of balance is heavily flawed, and I can fully understand why the previous user gave up the argument."
Going around talking about how much smarter you are than other younger people is a trait common to young people.
Added and online :)
"Yeah, looks like a mix of bad luck and more bad luck. Very nice save at 1:23 tho"
"Have they stuck 24-20-11 in the umbrella yet?  Preferably with Vanek or Nino at net front?  Seems like an obvious one to let Suter dish the puck to Parise and Dumba for maximum bomb clappery and let our best net front guys clean up any rebounds.

I'm fine with Pommer on the PP because he's smart and he can shoot, but I have no fucking idea why Granny's up there - the guy contributes nothing from that half wall."
Honestly I'm wondering what the Spurs are doing waiting on firing Popovich. Smh he should've been fired years ago. /s
Yeah but their styling is not conspicuous. Most people won't recognize a Saab until they see the badge. You are right about new Saabs being average though. But it's more in part of GM throwing Saab features into their other line-ups. 2008+ Cars with Ecotec are just cars with a Saab drive-train.
"and it is also mostly the interwebs.
last Friday I meet 15 over 70year olds all in Colts gear and we had a nice chat about the colts, manning, brady, me being a patriots/chargers/lions fan and the only game i have ever seen live. 
p.s.: is there a colts senior club or something?"
"Rubio is an obvious choice, but there are other possibilities.

Like Romney, he has said some very nice things about Christie, although that bad blood between them from 2012 is probably still lingering, so who the hell knows.

And with John McCain, him endorsing Jeb! seems a lot more likely, considering his BFF and previous benefactor of his endorsement Lindsey Graham has done that."
"Really? Neat, I didn't know that! Do you know where you heard that?"
"I did a video on this:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ESMaHt0frxI&amp;ab_channel=ExMuslim"
"[citation needed] "
"Obviously that goes without saying. OP is obviously not saying ""Roy Nelson is a mediocre fighter compared to the average human"""
But why? That has no bearing on the quality of the criticism.
"
Ḽ̭͎̥̠̱̑̂͗̄̂̅̀E̗̱̊̄ͪͫͧ̏T̰̟͍͎̻͞ ̵͖̮̦̏́U̵̟̟̗͔̝̹͆ͮͤ̎͋̚S̹̺ͣ͂̍̊ ̲̹̭͂̀ͪ̃ͤ͑͘I͉̠Ṋ̞͖̲̘̞̝͂͒͗̀"
"I was actually conflicted about how to describe my speeding ticket, so I just listed is as 71/55.


I kinda stuck to a ""just the facts"" mentality and I thought if I were to say ""if you want to pass and create distance from an erratic driver who was going the speed limit, physics dictate that you have to go over the speed limit"" would have come across as whiny and un-necessary."
There are [african tribes like the masai](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8Uzo8G9L1g) that do this with cattle.  Blood is one of their primary protein sources.
i like your dance
"Can we get started this in this google drive:
watchtowerfinance@gmail.com
pswd watchtower1"
*this is my nightmare*
"&gt; No. Voting is done on a state level. Territories and protectorates are not states, and for the most part, they don't want to be.

Surely residents of US Territories should be granted the right to vote for their head of state? All of them, except for the residents of American Samoa, are US citizens living in US territory.


"
"You realize how few actual kkk outspoken racists there are in a population right? There may be many closet racists, but barely any that would only go to a bar because it didn't serve black people. Proba
bly not enough to keep a single bar in service, much less ""all following suit"" thats just laughable."
"&gt; which destinations float your boat. The game will take note if you execute many contracts near Dres or Vall, and adjust the supply of contracts based on that information.

I'm not sure this is a good idea. 

I hope it doesn't end up heavily favoring destinations that are simply 'favorite' because they're closer and/or easier to get to. 

Whichever the case, it'll be easy for it to end up being a self-fulfilling favoritism. I get contracts to go somewhere, so that's where I go. Now the contract system thinks that I only want to go there. "
[deleted]
Actually that could also be the change.  I'm not sure if TPB's actually moves but if this update contains one that does I'm sure that was the feature worthwhile to putting it in there.
"Archive links for this discussion:

- **archive.is**: https://archive.is/ZP9ZV

---

I am Mnemosyne, goddess of memory. I remember so you don't have to."
"&gt;Each character just felt like a gimmick.

***Devotedpupa Greatly Disapproves*** 

Is Cass a straight gimmick? Dorian is so much more than ""the fabulous one"" people talk about. He's the kind of nerd that says ""why talk about time magic when we can talk about ME"" but still talks about time magic for hours. I could go on for most characters like this.

&gt;Forcing every race and sexuality onto each character really hurt their overall design

It's hard to find a balance between realistic sexuality and ""EVERYONE IS BISEXUAL YAAAAY"" like DA2. I think they did a decent job, even if people are mad Solas is ""racist"" or that say Cass should be bi.

"
[deleted]
"Girls are into that, if you can rock a bald look it's even hotter than having hair. 

Source: I'm a girl "
Mi amor.
"Great, now he has Teresa Halbach all over him."
And a woman who gets to talk virtually uninterrupted for 45 minutes about herself feels happier than she actually is?  /double shock
[deleted]
fuck tj ward
[deleted]
Wow
HE HAD IT
"thats the poke attack, right?"
"I don't even know how you can have that much... I bought a 1TB external hard drive in 2009, every single thing I've watched, listened to, or written since is on there and I still have probably 100 to 200 GB of space left."
"Long time no hear, Mister! ;)"
**Always** video chat before you meet someone IRL.
weak
"everyone's getting a trip dub recently wow

also the Mavs D just didn't exist after the half lol"
"Great to see josh smith back on the rockets, the team looks so much more energized with him out there.

Their offense at the end of 3rd and most of the 4th was really impressive"
Yeah but does it taste good tho
"A beautiful gesture but our Defence is seriously reduced. It's embarrassing but we can't really live up to our responsibilities in the alliance. 

It's a move in the right direction, though, and I think it's particularly aimed at Russia (surprise). "
"I cant speak for consoles but on PC i have absolutely killed and been killed while vaulting, climbing and getting on/off things."
"I'll go all the way and just give you the whole, three-part set.

Pen: Faber Castell Basic (Leather finish)

Ink: Roher &amp; Klingner Alt-Goldgrun

Paper: Tomoe River (white)

Ironically, with the exception of the paper, these are not the most expensive/nicest supplies I have, or even my favorite individually. I just really like the combination. Says something about the hobby and human nature..."
You seriously have no idea what you are talking about. Where do you get your news from? Fox news?
"Holy fuck, those hands."
"Does Negan really objectify women all that much? I mean he has his multiple wives, but they choose to participate in that. They're not forced. 

In the end its just an opinion, so it doesn't matter. Negan's the antagonist and he can't really be described as just a misogynist. "
"Brazilian exchange student :)

It had other perks too. "
You must have missed the part where it was a Catholic school..
"It's not necessarily ""things that stump me"", it's more ""things I've never used"". I can somewhat configure a network, change firewall rules, open and close ports and I networked a printer for office usage, can set up NAS... but no idea what a vm is for or how to implement it, stuff like that. And not just IT... in a lot of fields :/ so it's about figuring out what I need to know."
"Timestamp is 2nd link in main post. Can take more if needed. What's your offer? "
"Yeah, that's what I thought.  White looked confused, like it nosedived."
"My boyfriend bought my cat one for Christmas, and it's hilarious.   
Why is this a facepalm? "
Of course this exists and I need to subscribe to it.
"Classic Gary. "
"Steve Avery can attest to this. "
The world pausing while you look through your inventory to boot.
It cost me $160
huhi please never play lb again.
Retribution. The damage yo.
"Well, I'm a little sad now. "
[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3cXHatHtIo) video explains the championship's creation with 1:40 being Gargano and Galloway coming together.
The difference is that the Broncos have their best pass rushers healthy whereas ours were very limited due to injury.
"&gt; The fact remains that if you're going to operate several thousands pounds of steel you should be doing so free of any unnecessary impairments

no waay maaaaaan. i drive better high."
Why is a ref helping a Pats player up?
"That's the basic theory of the Conscientious Objector.  "
They are the eggmen…
A difficulty setting.
trash
Reminds me a bit of Anna Kendrick..
45% cdr
"Well, you just killed my appetite. "
"Hmm, it already had that value. Thanks btw!"
"Welcome to CKII where not only you can Deus Vult, but you HAVE to Deus Vult!"
**SIT PUPPIES**
"Marlton? Is that you?
The best replica i've seen so far. "
Nature..
"Or ""Your Fucked!"" might do well for you too."
"I was about to comment this and saw you already did 😘 best show ever, i would kill to see him
again! "
That was some awesome defense.
"Considering it's blatant trying to profit from stirring up outrage, the first definitively can't be ruled out."
"DRM

No escape since the 90s!"
Got 'em!
not a good play call
"Chris Harris, even with the injured shoulder, is still making plays"
"Nah, he ain't on the up and up I tell you. He's a hired gun, see? From out of Kansas City, I bet. "
Clearly there was no connection. If there was a connection Undisclosed wouldn't have to remove several pages in a fraudulent effort to imply a connection.
"Denvers tough, that was a Military Grade defensive shutdown."
"neither are his fault man, first was underthrown when he had his man beat and was wide open.  "
"Take it anyway so you won't regret not having taken it later; if it was a good thing, it was a good thing, and if it was a bad choice, no one can blame you if you did your best."
"You can't make any software at all, for example, without breaching tens of thousands of random bullshit patents (it'd be unwillful, but still). Also, you don't actually have to be breaching them, just have a weaker legal team than them, and it's a big thing in Europe too."
I could see him having just lost a single testicle. Ramsay leaving him with that tiny bit of hope...
[deleted]
Not a chance. 6:45 to go. Anything can happen.
Manning don't be a 3 and out here fuck face.
"I don't get that. Kick the FG, stop them and score to win. Now it's stop them and score to tie "
"Does it take place on the gamepad too? If it does you'll likely need to contact Nintendo for a repair. Otherwise you could try changing the resolution settings, or hdmi cable. "
Good season boys
"That's also the really only problem I have with this adaptation ( LN-Reader here ) is that they emphasize those very few scenes that can be taken as fan-service. I figure they didn't find another way to create some dialogue and character development without adding original content. 

Anyway, next episode will be a turning point :)"
Tom won't be able to walk tomorrow after all these hits.
This is amazing for your first SFM!
"I will gladly do ANYTHING you deem worthy...IF the Pats win! Mark my fucking words bro! I've been a fan for over 15 yrs...the game is over! "
I never got into the fashion side of punk or metal. I have a handful of tshirts but never bothered with gathering the uniform.
"No looch tonight? :,-("
"Supah loves to collect Shards and Elemental plates. He's working on a large project to frame all the plate he has thus far and turn it into wall art, along with the Relics he found in Unova while on vacation."
Brady overthrew him and they were low % plays. C'mon man.
"Defense wins championships
"
[removed]
"Thank you for the chapter :D, This is one of the few series that makes me want the next chapter immediately! "
*Allotted
Meh he's had enough success
"Jew here. Yes, the Jewish belief is that even Hitler eventually gets in. "
added
I have some screwed up thumbnails and pointer fingernails. Don't ask for pictures as I am too lazy. Anyway the amount of times I have been asked what was wrong with my nails is incredible. The same questions are always asked too. Do they hurt? What made them like that? No they don't hurt. They have always been that way. I don't want to be rude because how could they know I hate it when I get asked about them and they are really just curious but I am sick of answering those questions!
"Chelsea fans are the ultimate wanks, Act tough in a big group but they couldn't batter a fucking fish"
"I've just realized that I actually have little knowledge of how to deal with students with absent basic training in math. I like explaining more or less complex concepts but when it comes to the elementary stuff I simply wouldn't know upon what to rely. It's not unlikely that I would be more attentive to such details as organization and form.

I didn't see those manuscripts of Einstein. Nice find, thanks! Reminded me those days when preprints were made by copying typewritten manuscripts with formulas and special symbols inserted by hands. Once in a while I'd stumbled upon a preprint with ineligible insertions and that was quite annoying. This is quite edifying that Einstein while being already a big shot was careful with formulas.

I like to think that [my notes](http://i.imgur.com/pp3BVD6.png) are also readable without too much troubles. This is not exactly my regular writing, though, as this was prepared as a handout."
so if i fix the title can i steal your post?
Count me in
"As a cut guy, I can say that Kellogg failed. "
[source](http://reijis2.tumblr.com/post/137967007610/legion-commander-missionary)
Wouldn't you like to find out?
"I've seen this sort of thing happen before. It's kind of nuts. On Chatel, I had a friend playing Blitz in the bedroom fire two shots into the objective room through the wall, and his second one hit the last enemy alive in the head and won us the round. Total dumb, blind luck."
"Denvers Offense is pretty cringeworthy lately "
We could have just drafted booker in the first place
"Or the word ""house"""
"In his last appearance dog poop beat him. But God damn, that ass doe."
i need this too :(
"&gt;  foreign entities have no right to sue governments for their own laws

You want to deny people their right to legal recourse. I'm telling you that is a bad thing. Many lawsuits will and should fail but denying people the right to try and sue other entities is of course a bad thing. 

&gt; (successfully) 

It does not guarantee success. How did you come to the conclusion that it did? "
"I have never used slack or mattermost, but use rocket chat at work. It is a usability nightmare. Random drawers everywhere, seemingly half of them are just miscellaneous drawers. Endless bugs and inconsistencies like some user searches sometimes showing name and other times id. When that name is unset the selections are just blank spaces. No ability to remove people from private rooms, or give any other users permissions to add more people. We just spun up and irc server and ignore rocket chat now unless there's a video conference.  "
He's not a fan.
"He has been garbage all season "
[deleted]
"I only have one character that I legitly leveled to 100, a dk. I have a warrior that I boosted to 90 back in mop when I preorderd mop and a druid I boosted to 100 when I preorderd legion."
[deleted]
YES!
Semi-popular I guess?  Everybody knows me but I'm not like friends with everyone and I don't get invited to parties
I'd like a shot
"To really fuck with you, the UK is one of the most earth quake prone places on earth, we have about 5 a day, they are just tiny 'Microquakes'.

Ever had something fall off a shelf in the middle of the night for no reason? Yup."
"Mediocre "
"It's cringe looking at your post history. You are consumed by this girl. You have her up on a pedestal. But yet you think shes simple minded enough to be duped into a relationship. And friendship is not enough for you. Either communicate that you have feelings for her, accept her response (because from an outsiders perspective, it does not seem like she is interested in pursuing anything further than friendship with you), and move on. 

You are stuck in an obsessive limbo, where you design every action and response in a way to try to coerce her into having feelings for you, and if you even slightly deviate from that plan, you've 'blown it'. You are trying to control the situation and force feelings, without making it seem like you are, and without having the balls to tell her your feelings. Why? Because maybe your carefully crafted responses and actions will trigger something in her subconscious and fool her into suddenly falling for you. But if you are actually straightforward with her about your feelings, she most likely will not reciprocate and then you know there's no hope. So you would rather stick to the long con of trying to subliminally direct her to have feelings.

I had a 'friend' like you. He pursued me, despite me making it clear I was only interested in friendship. He mistook anything friendly said on my part as ""maybe she's interested!"". And he would try to push things further, even though I gave clear indication that friendship was all I ever wanted. He would try to use stupid little tactics to try to make me see him as a romantic possibility, even though he wasn't. I wasn't stupid. I saw right through everything, and as a result, began to distance myself. Friends told him he was being creepy. He didn't see it that way because ""I care about her so much, and she's so special to me. I would never hurt her"". It reached a point where I cut him out completely. Blocked him everywhere. And he STILL tries to contact me because I'm his ""best friend"". I don't stay friends with people like that. Looking at your post history is exactly how his mindset was, and as a woman, I can tell you it is very concerning when someone has that unhealthy of a fixation on you."
"That was horrible "
Gunnitbot better pictures.
"Weren't katanas also more suited for slashing, whereas western swords were more for smashing?

I also recall reading something about Japan being fairly low in iron compared to Europe."
Won't someone help an elderly lady go to the bathroom?
"Completly agree. Too many good people get stuck in this trap and jail doesn't help. If anything it creates more criminals. "
"Your submission has been automatically removed due to an indirect link to a hosted image.

Please be considerate of mobile and RES users, and resubmit your post as a direct link.

 For your convenience, here is your submitted link with .jpg and .gif file extensions appended to the end. Please see if one works, and re-try your submission with one of the following links:

* http://imgur.com/EKy8v2g.jpg
* http://imgur.com/EKy8v2g.gif

If the above links do not work, right-click on your image, select *Copy Image URL*, and paste that into the reddit submission page.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PS4Planetside2) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Really I'm sure Cloak of Sorrow would have been enough.
"Paradoxically, it's precisely the math of ""you'll get legend pretty inevitably"" that makes me *not* shoot for it. Because I've already climbed up to rank 5, I know that climbing from 5 to legend is nothing but absolute grind -- not fun for me. But I still want that stupid cardback. &gt;_&lt;"
Who goes to rehab sober? Not me that's for damn sure. Good post. I think she wandered off into the woods and passed out.
Reverse Madlife cocoons.
"Colquitt is the real MVP "
[removed]
"Sorry, kept hitting the juke button.  Meant to hit sprint."
Salah Mejri with the 10-11-3 in his first ever start in the NBA!
"rail it using benchmarks, if you detect theres something wrong and the scores dont add up... "
"Well, yeah. But he's the closest animatronic we have as a resemblance to RWQOKKWNTXFWBISB whatever the heck his name is."
What game was that?
"If anyone would like to grind up the sc season ladder, add me. I'll be playing from the moment it ticks over. Adept#1668"
"[**@ev4nac**](https://twitter.com/ev4nac/)

&gt; [2016-01-13 13:05 UTC](https://twitter.com/ev4nac/status/687259266781212673)

&gt; The game @ghostlightgames is working on next has a lot of content. I've over 60 hours in and still not seen everything...

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
"
MRRGGGLLLL!
But we're not at her funeral.   Were on our own site.  Maybe you should check your shit before you come in.
http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Battle_for_Freljord
"Please, there are at least 10 songs in my list top 3 of the RHCP.
"
"  
[Heliod, God of the Sun](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Handlers/Image.ashx?name=Heliod, God of the Sun&amp;type=card&amp;.jpg) - [(G)](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=Heliod, God of the Sun) [(MC)](http://magiccards.info/query?q=!Heliod, God of the Sun)  
[skybind](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Handlers/Image.ashx?name=skybind&amp;type=card&amp;.jpg) - [(G)](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=skybind) [(MC)](http://magiccards.info/query?q=!skybind)  
^^^[[cardname]] ^^^to ^^^call"
[removed]
it turns you into jackie chan for 5 minutes.
"Because they want to conform to society as the media let them believe that society it's sjw friendly.

It's not and it's time to shout it out loud."
"I got assist on the ""fake sword fight"" scenes, I thought they had some great dialogue. Fun stuff!"
"I am always surprised by how little pros actually know about their own game to be honest, they blindly play game after game and some dont even know that corrupters have base 2 armour or something.

I wouldnt be surprised if a fair number didn't even know about the Raven ""Explosive Shrapnel Shells"" upgrade. The new auto turret has crazy dps even before getting this absolutely bonkers upgrade.

Also seven seconds is more than enough in the context of a battle or blocking a couple of Novas, you sound like someone who has never used them."
[Cool. Might be time to try out creeped Hannah.]
"The case of ""all hype, no game"" I guess."
"&gt; Each league uses it as an opportunity to show case the best talent they have and in return attract new viewers.

[Yup. The All Star Game is serious business](https://youtu.be/CTNBRz94Nvg?t=40)"
"I guess you just met another Tom.

Edit: Why did Tom keep getting upvoted? That comment is garbage. "
That's what I figure! I'll test as long as AF doesn't show!
Or just get one of the many cheaper equal quality phones...
"'ve removed your post for breaching our [Submission Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/letsplay/wiki/submission_guidelines) which are linked in our header, sidebar, and whilst making the post.


We have these rules for a reason, to keep our community clear of self promotion to let us really promote open discussion, rather than have it become another link dumping graveyard like so many others..



---------------------------------------------------------------

**/r/Letsplay Submission Guidelines**


**No linking to LP videos, LP channels, livestreams within this subreddit with the following exceptions:**


In the Update Monday thread


In the What We're Watchin' Wednesday thread


In the What Did We Learn Thursday thread


In the Feedback Friday thread


In a reply to a request thread. If someone submits a thread like, ""Does anyone have a series on TES: Daggerfall?"", then you can post a reply with a link to your own series without fear. Of course, if you try something nefarious like posting the request and the reply, then you may be removed from the community.
When asking for or providing technical support.


No link submissions to LP videos. This is redundant with the last rule, but is stated to avoid confusion.


**No text submissions with a link to a video.** This is still a link to an LP Video, and should be redundant with the previous two rules.


**No asking for feedback on a video/playlist.** This is exactly what Feedback Friday is for, and should be obvious from the first two rules.


**No milestone posts about views, subscriptions, or the like.**


**No art related posts outside of Thumbnail Thursday, unless you're an artist/designer offering your services.**


**If you want to offer your services, make sure you have samples available for everyone to see. Otherwise your thread will be closed.**


**If your video is educational in nature (how to record/edit/etc...) it's allowed, but pass it by the mods first.**"
"ahh, i'll hv the elite built for 2k please!! sent my offer ^^"
You have given Moltara City Background to User 'squirtyroo'. Click the button below to continue.
"Eh, don't worry.  Happens all the time."
Fair enough!
thanks
Its PF's really bad teamswitching mechanics.
"If you're wondering what happened, he had surgery a few months back to fix a fractured wrist that he apparently had his entire career.  When it happened he didn't think it was anything serious and never got anything done about it."
"guernica, sowing season, brothers (untitled 3)

so many great songs that are timeless for me. 
"
"I'm 5'7"" @ 172 lbs. Still wearing a size 12. :/"
"i think i need to mess with cutting the treble out of the kicks more. thanks dude "
Alice's Restaurant
GG sona no boots
"Let p/q be reduced fraction and q &gt; 1, then p and q are coprime. Therefore pp and qq are also coprime. Therefore qq does not divide pp and pp/qq is not an integer"
"No no, he means they're half ""off"". You don't wanna eat that."
[GIFV link](https://i.imgur.com/8scalui.gifv)
Spanish and probably the next best thing. They'd want him.
Donald Trump rally
"If you're applying for positions in the US, many companies will just automatically write off any that mention things like nationality because they're not supposed to discriminate on that basis and are inclined to avoid any liability there by just disqualifying people who do include it."
Can also Verify. He ships it quick and it comes with no issues to Canada.
"Moin Stefan. Grandioses Video, wurde mit viel Liebe gemacht. Ich kann dir nicht genau sagen, warum das Video nicht mit in die Show gekommen ist, aber du kannst dir sicher vorstellen, dass es unendlich viele Einsendungen gab und es musste einfach eine Auswahl getroffen werden. Vielleicht war's einfach zu lang, die Vorgabe war ja 10-30 Sekunden. Dennoch soll die Mühe natürlich nicht vergeben's sein, ich leite es dem Team weiter :) Eventuell kannst du sie ja auf diesen Kommentar hinweisen.

Vielen Dank an alle die Videos, Fotos und Grüße geschickt haben und die Community so bunt gestalten. Auf ein weiteres Jahr! :)

Lieben Gruß, Max."
"These songs don't sound the studio version, I don't like it very much. 

Dammit, these are the studio versions. There goes my joke."
woooooooooooo! drama
"I'm an RN in a major hospital in my town and in the NICU nonetheless, so there are always parents around. It's pretty common knowledge I'm gay, and my coworkers often will ask me about my current love life or make lesbian jokes (which are often hilarious) around my other coworkers or around our babies parents. 

In short they treat me and my sexuality the exact same as they treat the other women who are straight. It's never been much of an issue. 

I was in the closet for a long time and just recently came out to them. So there's been a lot of questions but no hostility or anything. "
"Had one company try to lay claim to stuff I did before coming aboard. Fortunately, patents held by prior company, and prior compnay had bigger lawyers, problem sorted ;)"
"See, that's where I get all mixed up! (Not with you, obviously, because I'm sure you wouldn't mind!) but if I wrote about the discovery of the swamp, and the pines or whatever, and I had them working *this* way...

Then tomorrow you continue the story and they work **that** way, someone is bound to post on my story raging because I've gotten it wrong.

Not with your story, but with most fanfiction. I've seen people do it before. :P

I did write something Harry Potter related, last night, and no one hurt me, so that's good (not on an EU prompt though) :D

And I really would like to write a Swamp of Madness story! :) So thank you! :)"
"Scroll down, there's purple things.  I had the same problem lol"
"The Cure.
Just Like Heaven: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Dhn_iIQXDE
Pictures of You: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8UR2TFUp8w
Charlotte Sometimes: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_defwv03IfQ
"
"&gt;Because youth violence has so many causes, preventing it also requires a multifaceted approach. Many of the solutions are well-known, if not often implemented, such as strengthening families, minimizing violent media effects, reducing youth access to guns, and improving school climates.

"
"goes up by 50c at 10pm, bloody price gouging that is!"
"Colours:

From your pictures, the terracotta tiles are quite dark; in my opinion, the orange wall and dark furniture don't fit that well. I would prefer a much lighter colour scheme to contrast with the dark floor. White or light grey walls and furniture might work better.

Some inspiration:

* https://www.pinterest.com/pin/A2ksMwAQQMcE2tFossIAAAA/
* https://www.pinterest.com/pin/A3nblQAQgJwHMyEJUlAAAAA/
* https://www.pinterest.com/pin/A3v-EQAQgE4GnkgswjwAAAA/

[Edit]

Layout/Furniture:

Your living room is very long. I think that long and narrow cabinets/sideboards/shelves would look better in the room and should give you a lot of storage. Probably try to keep it all in the wall where the fireplace is. There's not much change I can think of from the current layout you drew.

I propose something like this:

http://imgur.com/eO1GZCg

You can have down lights in the lounge area and pendant lights along the dining table.

http://imgur.com/Uh52V46

[Edit]

Not to scale (your room should be even wider)

http://imgur.com/DLYE2d4"
"I had a very ""meh"" reaction my first few games (all on iOS). Then the strategy finally clicked and I ran out to buy a physical copy. It's one of my favourite abstract strategy but if you don't ""get"" the strategy right away I understand why you'd find it boring as hell!"
[](/rtwistare)All I did was offer you a raisin muffin.
###ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT THE CHEESECAKE? I ALREADY FINISHED THAT SORRY DUDE.
"&gt; And if you didnt already know, the different cars you can play as are **purely cosmetic**. They aren't faster or anything like that, theyre all the same.

No they aren't."
"If you asked me for advice I would ignore you also, not because you're ugly, but because you're clearly fucked up in your mind and you're projecting it onto random girls on the internet. You need to learn social cues and seek professional help. You'll find no fulfillment here. "
[deleted]
The bat guy has shown up in the youtube comments of the video.
"I've never heard of this before. I have random custom music in there as well, but I never connected that as a potential cause for slow loading times and freezes. If you delete the music, does it actually fix anything?

Are you sure you've attempted other means to alleviating lag and slow loading times? Like save cleaning, deleting cache files, and using nraas mastercontroller?"
"&gt;get a feel

No. Big biz has a deth grip on the gaming industry. Game are now marketed *to* the casual gamer, and ther friends, and anyone else who isn't aware of the state of the times. Gameing is dead. And frankly i feel iv out grown my console if it treats me like a dollar. Thers also a great quanitiy of high quality old pc games. with 2010 gaming computers being dirt cheap, I think I might ditch the console thing."
"I think that the process of successfully analyzing then copying the piece is what Adam really wants to do, not just make a space suit."
I've seen some shows in NYC where each comic performs as a comedic legend (who's usually dead). Unless you're an amazing impressionist it's going to be cheesy and goofy and nobody besides comedy nerds would be amused.
It's social interaction versus interaction with a computer program. No contest.
I don't get it.
"Wondered when this conversation would come up. You can't have ships moving as fast as they are without some way of stopping/slowing down your prey. Just hope it's like warp scrams/disrupters in eve and not like bubbles. "
"Hey, I'd love an add if you are still online! :)"
"I was on Jeopardy! a few years ago, if that counts. It was cool but only got second place. "
"Dang i really hope so man, thanks for the info"
"Cuz you're creepy, but I don't know how to tell you without having to defend myself and deal with you more, so I just ignored the text. That way, if we run into each other I can be like ""oh my god... This text? I am so sorry, I meant to answer and then [random excuse] happened and I totally forgot to hit send!"""
"But in tortious negligence cases, the stronger argument will generally be for what the school should have done instead (ie: help the damn student in all ways possible)"
"You get reimbursed the equivalent of 9 days travel in peak for your zoning. "
"Yeah, reddit has definitely made me more empathetic over time. I also do have genuine empathy for the anti-SJ, misogynistic people on here. Most of them appear to be insecure, which is something we all struggle with at some point. And they're clearly suffering. I also think there's a lot of sexual frustration, and I can sympathize with how powerless and shitty that can make you feel. I think empathy is key to changing their view. "
Imagine Slimani and Mahrez on the same damn side!
"The napkin holder came in today. Very interesting....
It's exactly 1 1/4"" inside and very smooth curved edges. Extremely comfortable, easy to put on and take off, and makes me hard as a rock after a bit of play. I'll probably order a 1 1/4 ring from gear and the next size up, as that size is fine at first but once I get going my head is to plump to enjoy it for long."
"Living in New York...
For football I watch Sunday Ticket, CBS, and Fox. I would miss MNF but thats it.
For basketball, I watch the Knicks who are always on MSG.
For baseball, I watch YES and SNY for the Yankees and Mets. 

For sports news, I use twitter and other sites as well as listening to sports radio. 

I don't need ESPN. Plus during football season, my 8 dollars is better spent on Sunday ticket on Sunday over ESPN rehashing sports news plus Monday night football."
"Looks like it's home to Shinra in Final Fantasy 7.

Speaking of which: OH MAN I can't wait"
As if anything can help you when they decide to target you.
"Wow, some people see nothing but racism... "
[deleted]
"I'm hoping some one makes a mongoose race too
I'd love that."
Which page is that on?
"&gt;It sounds like your question has already been answered. 

Though I have received answers I was hoping I would receive one that points to a tool that does this. 

&gt;But out of curiosity why would you want to run another package maintainers set of tests when presumably that has already been done as part of their release process? I am not trying to attack you I'm genuinely curious.

The particular use-case that inspired this question was that I was downloading an old package from pypi (munkres 1.0.7) that was written before python3, and I was wondering if it would still work (which is possible since it was a math package that probably doesn't touch much of the py2-breaking stuff of python3) but I have no way to verify that easily. 

More generally, since sometimes packages make backward compatibility breaking changes (Django comes to mind), I may have a newer version of a dependency than an old package was designed for, and it would be great to quickly run its tests to verify everything still works with my current machine setup."
"Yep, just take in something like a power bill with your name and address on it and they'll give you a card. The signup desk is in the front lobby at the rear left."
"I'll second this. Go spend some time at Toronto TNG or Deviant Munch. People there will point you to other events you might be interested in — such as Kinbaku salon. 

And don't be a jerk. As *big* and as varied as the Toronto scene is, it's full of pushy jerks. So, go make some genuine friends. "
"This is a good option for nickel or steel top griddles and flat tops. But it may take the non-stick coating off of a non-stick pan. The abrasive is rather soft as far as professional kitchen materials go, I've heard it's made of egg shells, but I would hesitate to use it on non-stick."
"ayy i'm a mediator/INFP-T "
Even if it was my cake day a few words in that sentence in the media pay for dragging someone onto live TV without knowing them first.
[removed]
Anarcho-communism best communism
Is this supposed to be Toys r Us exclusive for us? Weighing my odds
"#I'M BACK!

Now, I need your motorcycle and clothes"
Please fix this devs. I can only stay on a server for like 3 minutes before I get kicked - Mac OSX
"There's a scene in the first TMNT movie back in the 90s where they all retreat to an abandoned farm owned by April O'Neil's family, it's basically a break from the action similar to the farm scene in AoU."
[A cat made into a gif on gfycat.](https://gfycat.com/PoliticalSpeedyJackal)
because one person liking a shitty knife that doesnt even look good means that it should be in the game.
also Q
"If they did file how quickly would I be made aware of it? Like will I be blind sided, and one day my bank account will jusst be at $0? Also I own a car worth maybe $2000 that I use to get to work (totally payed off). Can they take that?
"
The answer is always Tevez
"The workers interests should always be tied with the company's success.  They don't need to control the company itself for that to be so. 

In a Fascist community everyone is working for the benefit of the community no matter what type of work they are doing. A company that isn't serving the interests of the community is by definition not successful.  There is no worker versus owner in a healthy society, just followers and leaders working to provide some sort of service to their community. No one is working solely for themselves, not the worker and not the employer. 

Edit: I think I've seen you supporting Bernie Sanders somewhere on this sub, which probably means that you wouldn't understand properly.... "
Well don't stand in the way.
"you're wrong, it is all damage, not just autos"
"If you use DMK's definitions, prayers/spells that ask for something are grey magick (because you're not omniscient and can't guarantee that your action won't cause harm) White magick is simply a way to build a relationship/rapport with your chosen deity (so when you ask for something, you're more likely to get it.)

Maybe you should concentrate more on white magick and less on grey."
"And Alan Rickman's last recorded words are [him describing a viral video campaign involving a turtle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkiMz-e2ZcE).

Swiftly now, give me all of this sweet death-ridden karma and gold before it's too late."
Hey that's my thing! Why are you stealing something I do you jack off... also blocked even though I've never engaged her at all.
I've trained with Randy Ollson (owner of War Tribe) quite a few times and he is a great guy. Always cares about the consumer and how they are treated!
refugees are avoiding their responsibilities of maintaining their countries. it's called cowardice.
"Wait are you opposing everyone in this thread, or agreeing with all of us?"
Have you been happy with the pack? The Float 32 is the pack I'm looking to get in the future.
The emojis are gradient.
"close, but no cigar. replace the ""s"" with z and the ""o"" with e. "
"I didn't know this one but I love their lyrics, beautiful beautiful poetry right there."
You're signed up.
"I was watching it with both of them did not expect any of this "
GO MAPLE BACOCKS!!!! REBUILD HYPE!!! #TEAMUNCLELEO
"I am a huge fan of Matt and neo traditonal

Check out https://www.instagram.com/deadmeat/
Huge fun of him as well and he not only does neo traditional style, but  isnt afraid to combine that with gaming culture as well which I absolutely love. "
Panama and its kinda lame.
New York
"I think the S line is zildjians response to sabians xs20 line, acting as a bridge between the high and low end cymbals.  "
"Before you do something potentially messy, **go get some marbles**, number each one as you put it in, then go find a graduated cylinder."
so you had less than 80 percent spam? did you change the dates?
"Is he really your boyfriend? Is it an open relationship? "
"Oh a dark mode you say? As I said before I've been using Tinfoil but I'll try Metal just to see this dark mode. "
"Oh I thought you meant the BigJimNorton Twitter account. I think I remember the clip you're talking about. "
"Dirty....
Another great reason to stay the hell away from those 2 states...not the citizens of those states... Just the judicial system there."
.
"He's right, in a way.  The ~~fifth~~ third wave feminists try to paint women as vulnerable little flowers who suffer male oppression (or micro-aggressions) at every single turn (e.g. [office temperatures are a part of male patriarchy](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/women/womens-life/11780891/Air-conditioning-in-your-office-is-sexist.-True-story.html)).  Gone are the days of ""I am woman hear me roar"".

But most Australians wouldn't have a clue about ~~fifth~~ third wave feminists (thankfully!).  I've not paid any attention to Rosie Batty, but I'd imagine that she has no idea about ~~fifth~~ third wave feminists either.  She's probably just a symbol for them to use.  

Edit:  It was pointed out that I used ""fifth"" wave when it should have been ""third"" wave."
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
"not just biblical prophecy, the idea of Israel is so strong from the bible, that people no matter what their level of devotion, feel connected and invested in it already. Its an emotionally connection, that americans find themselves relate to in more than one level. On the level of christian thinking, which the resurrection of israel brings a lot of closure to and the american experience through its civil religion which Israel mimics. "
[deleted]
"Morris said in a Q&amp;A today that he's comfortable anywhere across the front of a 4-3-3, and that he likes to drift wide sometimes.  Dempsey played a smidge of LW for us last year, and has filled that role before at NT level.  Valdez or Morris will probably be the supersub first guy off the bench.  Also, Martins, Dempsey and Valdez are all generally NT first teamers and the wrong side of 30, so one or more will likely miss some time during the year.

Additionally, wide guys for us often have the freedom to switch sides and rotate, and Dempsey and Martins both will drop deep to help build play if they're feeling it."
"&gt; Ty slept with two different women who worked at the same restaurant in my hometown.

Sounds like he's living the life!  Good for him."
Threw in some dope shit
[deleted]
It's a catwalk though. Most of those animals aren't cats.
"Wow it's been 45 minutes and nobody has given you death threats yet, I'm impressed"
"Thank you! It was definitely excruciating at that time. But, all better now after my fusion!"
Try updating your sound drivers
"It was also caused by Detroit. And lack of knowledge about PH levels. And a dozen other things.

People need to stop looking for a single big bad guy to blame it all on."
Go up to him and say Peter Dinklidge I loved you in Star Wars
They would all be arrested for public nuisance and be too poor to afford legal representation.  Legal Aid doesn't cover public nuisance (in Qld and probably anywhere else).  So effectively they would be obliged to hand over a substantial amount of their subsistence ration to the states.
"There are dozens of us. Dozens! "
"Literally the worst ""good card"" you can be playing right now. Twin twister is mained in MOST decks right now. Besides being good generic back row hate, twin twister provides a chainable discard outlet. This means that your opponent can discard what ever you tried to mind rush, destroy two other spells/traps, then you'll have to discard because you got outplayed"
[River Tree 021](https://flic.kr/p/Cq3LTp) After some cropping of a river's frozen surface I could see the skeleton of a tree that almost appeared to be under the water... if you squint real hard though
Brown people only matter to liberals once they cross an imaginary geographical line.
kommer inte detta skicka oönskade signaler till framtida eventuella gärningsmän? jag fattar inte
"Movepools are crap all around.
Arcanine with Flamethrower, Body Slam and Dig is pretty solid, though."
There are [certain](https://www.reddit.com/r/NHLStreams/) places you could look.
"What level of experience does our shield operator have (like will they help shield regen' much)? Or stealth, do we have stealth? Always good to hit the stealth button at the next round of attacks and dodge everything while also giving your shields time to recharge. . . I really must go back and finish FTL."
www.classicclubfashion.com
An astronaut who is absolutely terrified of space.
The only thing I can tell you is..if you are that worried about losing muscle...then lift heavy (AS YOU CAN)weights frequently.  Any caloric deficit is going to eat your body mass away. Protein is the stepping stone for holding on to or building muscle (from everything I've ever read)...and I have read studies (Jeff volek..phinney) that people who incorporate resistance training actually lose more body fat than those who don't.  Keto don't bullshit. This sub is where you will find the answers you're looking for.  Check out ketogains as well. Good luck!
love milk of the poppy
"That really should be on the label: Not intended to be used as a contraception. /s
"
I'm trying to pace myself. Takes a long time to make these albums :)
"Thanks for helping out, but I did everything the OP instructed and the game will not restart. I signed out of Game Center, disconnected with iCloud's, made sure the file was changed, everything. 

Also, is this for global or Japan servers? ( I would assume global because selected world is set to 2)

Can someone confirm that the problem is the iOS version? I have ios8.4 and OP has iOS 8.1.2."
"Yep, they aren't stopping. You have to keep in mind that current 24-year-olds couldn't vote in '08, though. That demographic traditionally doesn't vote much, but Sanders is riling it up fairly effectively, so we'll see."
That's not Fireman Sam! [This](http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/firemansam/images/2/20/Sam.jpg) is Fireman Sam!
Username fist bump.
LoL.
"Yo

If you guys have any ideas on an implementation of a scrimschedule in the app
Let me know!"
"If they can make a spoof of John wick rescuing a kitty look appealing. They are doing comedy right. "
"Dillon has been my friend for over 15 years, he has inspired me in so many ways. He has created a business for himself as DJ and entertainment business that I have helped him with since he started once we graduated high school. http://www.strouseentertainment.com/

Now he wants to give back by starting a non-profit organization to help others with similar disabilities in need of home modifications and or medical equipment.

Thank you!"
*Looks up Reddiquette guidelines*
"Probably 3-5 million. "
I'm not sure yet. I don't know the millineum market too well
"As I recall the default chance for it to start considering a mutation is 20%, and then there's the chance for that mutation going through which varies depending on the mutation.

I had similar issues with carrot and potato, though. I must've tried a good 30-40 times with no mutation coming out of it."
I gather that she wrote a reply saying that the OP should stop indulging in this pretend fantasy because Kane legit raped her.
"I can't believe you've spent all this time replying to me yet still haven't bothered actually reading and understanding what I said. You just want to argue and feel good about yourself because calling me a snob is relevant because reasons. Come up with some arguments instead, then you can sit at the adult table. "
I don't like when people bitch
Mrs. Hogwallop up and R-U-N-N-O-F-T!
[removed]
Yeah I think being anti racist is now actually racism.
"It's really disappointing that they felt the need to write it off as a loss. Sometimes I worry that the negativity circlejerk is too strong and influences people to over-bash things and misrepresent popular opinion to Blizzard. Perhaps it was fair with WoD's flaws, but certainly Pandaria, an amazing expansion, suffered from an unwarranted hate circlejerk.


WoD was a standout experience while leveling, the best questing I've ever done. I'm convinced they could have made an engaging end game. Something got rushed, because there's so many obvious things they didn't do. Custom followers, garrison customization, army command/war map dailies that show you actually being a general, adding plot relevance to Spires of Arak stuff down the line, doing something with the Dark Portal... I dunno. Squandered opportunity."
"I didn't know there were 118 Smash games I missed, I should really try to get back into the community."
That's a damn good idea
Lightake sells it cheaper
[removed]
"At first I kept them, but as I've started getting more I just delete them."
"Good tip, shoot one pistol bullet on a barricaded window at the very center, if you see that white bullet hole turn black/dark, you know someone is behind it, so start shooting."
"Hey, your tradelink is broken. Remove ""amp;"" to get it working again!

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"I think the big one is technological unemployment. Too many transhumanists seem to dismiss the idea as Luddism, but I think there's a lot of evidence supporting at least some permanent job loss that should be addressed.

There might be others, but I'm too tired to articulate them right now."
"Okay, it'll be great to find out!! Thank you. I'll wait to hear back that your gates are open."
"That frickin robot sonic the hedgehog. 
Mother fucker was so fast and strong and the. To top it off there was that massive hulk-buster robotnik. 

I think I remember that correctly. "
"It's all good, and your replies make you seem like a super decent fellow. 

We have had quite a few scammers through this sub in the last few years, looking for cash for a legitimate story, and then disappearing. 

And like I said, I have totally been there. I didn't get really solvent until I was about 30, and have looked into a few different micro lending organizations, because I love the concept. 

Glad to hear you got it sorted!"
"Bug/balancing fixes tied with more maps tied with releasing the game tied with getting more people tied with working autobalance. "
"
Hi, bartwmyers.  

We know it is hard to remember all the various rules for different subreddits, but your submission has been removed because standalone videos are not allowed in /r/environment.  They need to be embedded in an article providing additional information.  

Please take a minute to review the rules in the sidebar.  And check out the other reddits we have listed, including those in the [Big List of Related Reddits](http://www.reddit.com/r/environment/wiki/related_reddits) - you might find a better place for this submission. 

Thanks!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/environment) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Of course you can judge them. What's being said is that just because they were wrong in *one area* doesn't mean you need to throw out everything they said. Martin Luther King Jr.'s ideas about peace and equality shouldn't be discounted because he cheated on his wife, but if we're talking about MLK's views on the value of marriage, of course that behavior should be taken into account. It's all about context, man. "
"&gt; I would just like to say that as a complete beginner Tribes player

RUN"
"He also is applying a false dichotomy here. Either she parents like him or she's saying he's an abusive parent. My SIL went through this with her own father. "
"Generally you do not want to use steel to conduct any substantial amount of current.

You can of course use steel bolts, but you want to use those bolts to clamp the conductive terminals directly together.

For example, in [this photo](http://72.172.135.185/images/Super%20Safe%20battery%20terminal%20bolts.JPG) the connections are poor. The current has to go through the steel bolt and bolt in order to get to two cables attached on the left. 

In [this case](https://www.ceautoelectricsupply.com/Website%20Images/jlxdbts_med.jpg) or [this case](http://www.powerlet.com/img/connectorImages/male/BatteryTerminals_m_60_webl.jpg) all wires are connected directly to metal intended to carry current.

In practical situations, it won't make any noticeable difference unless you're pulling a lot of amps. "
"It's illegal to ask things that are related to a protected class - ie, race, nationality, religion, and in some places, sexual orientation or age. Travel history doesn't into any of these unless they ask you which country you travelled to was your country of origin. Asking for proof of travel when you say that's how you spent your last X years is no different than calling your previous managers for references. "
WTF is this garbage. I'd rather have Eric Mangini back.
But just because they are the majority means they can't have their own dating website?
Yes that's also why it's not 100% chance unless z awakened
"Zoom out. We're talking big picture, and why pepper spray is illegal. This particular case has nothing to do with whether it should be legal. She should be punished, because she used a banned substance. This is an objective point based on the legality of pepper spray."
"[[Hades Fragment]]

Dammit."
"try adding it to your cart, you monkey"
"Thats fine, jay is a speedster. 
Not sure why people like to focus on minor details and pretend to not notice all the other details.
They clearly said its an oxygen boosting drug or whatever.

Its like taking steroids for a speedster.
Not taking steroids and becoming a green hulk."
In case they get hungry.
"Your submission has been automatically removed.

This seems to have occurred because it is not a direct link to a single image. 

Your URL was **http://imgur.com/N1dK2Sv**

We require links to be of the form http://imgur.com/N1dK2Sv **.jpg**

**If you are using RES, it automatically fills in .jpg when you look at the link, but most of the time it actually isn't there.**

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/photoshopbattles) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
This was amazing until the Minecraft part at the end where the other dude just wouldn't stop screaming.
"It's unethical to let a greedy fool keep his money, so I don't see a problem here."
"I have a few 80 toons from when I was the leader of echoes of the past. 

So I have a couple questions before I make an advance on this. 

- Gear rules? You say you're progressing through ulduar. Does that mean only 10m ulduar gear? 

- how up to date is the recruitment needs?"
"But then they might have eaten *him* 

:-( "
"Bernie has a better chance of winning against republicans, so it's actually on Clinton supporters if the republicans win.  In any case, there isn't much difference between Clinton and the republicans, they are all a bunch of corporate stooges."
You have to turn the selfie option off to use the forward facing camera.
"Wow, looks great, although that is one *angry*-lookin' parrot :P



Nah, looks really good, I'm gonna build it some time when I have a chance. "
"Podemos es la policía especializada para detener a los delincuentes del PP, por eso le tienen pánico."
[Soundcloud direct link | Mirror](https://soundcloud.com/drtyson/flat-to-fact#t=0:03)
no hay uno en la ancap de la rambla cerca de la embajada de eeuu?
"I thought this was really interesting because I feel the opposite. I don't enjoy being hit on or flirted with (b/c I'm awkward). I like the shield of having a SO. I feel like it gives me control to only let things go as far as I feel comfortable. Being single, I always feel like an *option* and things can never be platonic. "
"Stop posting it here and go get a divorce. He don't love you, you don't love him. Simple.

Also, don't think that everyone that drinks by theirself is an alcoholic cause that's not true. I drink by myself all the time only because I'm anti social and I would way rather sit down, get loaded, listen to music and voice chat to my close friends on the computer while gaming or browsing the interwebs.

But seriously, get a divorce. By the way you're describing him he sounds abusive as fuck. Coming from a guy, that ain't no man. That's scum. Not because hes an alcoholic, because hes an asshole to the woman he is suppose to love."
This morning in the bathroom..
[deleted]
"I see people saying that Commander is casual all over the place. Could you please lead me to these casual games of commander? All I am able to get is Maelstrom Wanderers, Edrics, and 5color hermit druids.

Commander is not a fun or casual format around me."
"this really reminds me of that legendary stalemate CivII game  
EDIT: r/theeternalwar/top/"
[deleted]
"Men could never fist fight without looking like trash. 

It's not civilized. Fighting people is what idiots and over emotional assholes do. 

Adults do not start fights. Children and trash start fights. 

It's not getting panties in a bunch, I mean seriously, think about it no respectable person is going to get into a fist fight. (Man or woman)
"
"Online now

EDIT: Hmm... do you see me? If no you may need to disconnect then reconnect.

EDIT2: I've got to go sorry I'll message you later!"
"""Massive"" means anything with nonzero mass, it doesn't necessarily have to have a large mass."
He has incredible eyes.
"facts.  

Unless, of course, you're the religious type."
Mebbe there *are* no astronauts...
"No, but women are disproportionately punished by a ban of pepper spray since most violent crime is perpetrated by males who are larger and stronger than most women. 

Self defense items like pepper spray let the small, the outnumbered, the elderly, or the infirm defend themselves more effectively. Banning them only serves to reinforce that people who are bigger or stronger have an advantage. "
"Let's address the issue: you love the idea creation/building aspect, but when it comes to beta testing you stop and start a new idea, right? You're finding more joy in starting and less in expanding, so naturally, taking note of the other busy aspects of your life, you lean more for the enjoyable part of the process. 

From what I'm reading, it seems more mentality focused. Simply not finding joy in the growing stage. I had a similar issue with my first startup. 

After the hype of having a real product and getting vc interest, my partner and I closed shop. We just found it difficult and a pain to grow it, to market it. We just wanted to build. Our mindset was specifically set on creating, anything outside of that was a hassle. 

Take time to introspect and see if you agree with that. You find more joy in creating, less in growing. If so, why is that? Figuring out what's preventing you from pursuing the growth of the idea can lead you to having people out in the world finally using your creation. Think about how you can reframe your barriers to encourage you to work through them. 

Maybe you don't fully believe in your idea? Well, have you analyzed your target audience to make you think ""yeah, I can really meet their needs with this."" Do you think there's no money to be made? Well, analyze the market. Question yourself to have belief in yourself. 

Let me know if you'd like me to expand on any of this, or feel free to PM me with any thoughts.  "
" #EASUPPORTMASTERRACE!"
"Dead children... all the dead children. "
"13 points is a ""blowout"" apparently.

And let's not forget they shot a season worse from the FT line and 4/24 from three.  

And the regular season means very little when it comes playoff time."
that's the most listless/closest to crying I've ever seen Vinnie Mac
"Sort out security deposits. Get original leases. "
"Because even in our late 20's, we probably don't own a house, don't have kids, and aren't married.  Something like 30% of us have moved back in with our parents.

*""When I was your age, I had already bought my own house, with money from the job I had with one of the biggest companies in the world, which I got straight out of college, which I was able to pay for by waiting tables.  I did it, I don't see why you can't too.""*"
"Rule #6: No LPTs about social networks including: Reddit, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, etc."
"Definitely NOT allowed, but it's the kind of thing where you would find it impossible to seek restitution. 

She should have gotten you to bring the bag to her and asked you to search your bag yourself. This would have been a better solution. Other than getting your mom to call and complain, there's nothing you can do really, seeing as you broke the rules first. Again, this is not my personal opinion but this is simply how schools are run in Singapore. "
"I never thought it was real, but it was too funny not to dig through and share."
"I don't think it was even so much as a refusal to eliminate the policies on paper. It simply didn't come up before. Now it has, and it will be removed. I understand your hesitations, and not removing it sooner was inexcusable, but at the end of the day, the Conservatives have been defending gay marriage for years and have had several prominent gay party members.

&gt;In my opinion the conservative party needs to distance itself from conservative social values and focus on fiscal and foreign policy. Otherwise they look like junior Republicans.

They have shut down all debate on gay marriage and abortion, that would be absolutely unthinkable for the Republicans. There is no comparison."
"Cute outfit! I would have worn straight legged black pants that didn't hug me so close, or a pencil skirt. I don't like clothes hugging my thighs and butt because that is where attention is drawn when those areas are tight."
Yes it is.
"I mean, they got their money back on pluses afterwards as Europe was recovering"
Definitely pick up the tab. Explain your concept then let her talk. Good luck!
"as long as the gay ships still exist, i'm happy. In terms of gameplay, the less waifu emblem- the better."
"Hey /u/Novacaines, you are posting here too often!
We currently allow 3 sale posts per day. You can read the rules here:
 https://www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules.

-------------------------------------------------

^^^^Interested ^^^^in ^^^^your ^^^^own ^^^^bot? ^^^^Click ^^^^[here](https://www.reddit.com/r/buyabot/) ^^^^to ^^^^get ^^^^started."
Why not? Because they will turn around and sell it for the actual value of it on amazon or eBay. No one needs to sell it to gamestop.
"It's temporary until I find a job, and then I'll move to a shared house. Finding a group of sober folks to move in with would be great but I'm not sure if that's feasible.

Meeting future coworkers and resisting potential pressure to drink with them will be the next challenge. Most people seem to understand the fitness angle when it comes to voluntary sobriety though, and at 30 I'm less susceptible to peer pressure than I was in my twenties."
"Basically, it says 103 000 charges at 7.08 charges/s

103.000/7.08 = 14 548 seconds = 242 minutes = 4 hours.

Maybe s means game ticks instead?

Edit: calced to ticks, seems to be 2 hours 42 minutes, rounded down maybe?"
"It's not just that I don't agree, it isn't really relevant enough either. How many players really use this tactic..."
There's a drive thru at your little Caesars? Lucky
"...and when you see somebody spending money in public, you don't really know what they're doing with the rest of their time.  They might be cutting corners on other things or just treating themselves for the one day a month they can."
A much older guy complimented me on my earlobes. He must have been a pedophile
"A guy whos been in congress for 28 years is the establishment. "
"the fact that none of the animal sidekicks talked was super refreshing. "
"ich weiß jetzt nicht, was eddy gestern gesagt hat, und klar kann man dinge im direkten Gespräch sagen, wo der andere auch darauf reagieren kann, die man in Abwesenheit nicht sagen sollt.

wenn Bohne X also gestern Leute über 120kg als fett bezeichnet hat, und der chat heut das gleiche tut, sehe ich darin jedoch keinenunterschied"
And yet most people need cars more than they need guns. Strange isn't it? I wonder if our second amendment would include cars if they were just as ubiquitous at the time.
I know it does
[deleted]
I'm so annoyed that there isn't a single picture from behind. It's as if photographers don't want us to see her ass
"That's another problem so you would need a very well cooled engine, probably using a combination of methods like film cooling and regenerative cooling of the walls.  Temperatures might be more manageable with the CO-stabilised mix and Isp would still be over 400s.

Ammonia and acetylene is another high performance fuel mix that could offer similar Isp and be quite dense."
"Hey there! I noticed that you're talking about donating to Bernie in your post. You may already know this, but I wanted to remind you that the official campaign made a specific donation-link so that we can track how effective our fundraising is! With every donation you make on our page, that little thermometer in the sidebar rises more and more! 

Please go to www.BernieSanders.com/reddit or [click this link right here](https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/reddit-for-bernie) to be taken to the donation portal! (Unless you're not a citizen, permanent resident, or dual-citizen of the United States. You cannot donate legally, nor can you ask someone else to donate for you).

Thanks for your contribution! **Please share this link whenever someone asks about donating to Bernie!** And if you're not actually talking about donating to Bernie, forgive me! I am just a simple robot. Blame my creators. Silly mortals, they are. 


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/SandersForPresident) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Just got a penta with the new skin THE HYPE IS REAL
"I work for CBP on the southern border. We ask that because to legally seize an item you have to have a declaration. Usually 3. Twice at the border and once in secondary. 

Example: 

""Are you bringing anything with you from Mexico? Anything to declare""

After running some checks I'll ask again if they had bought anything in Mexico and are bringing across that they would like to declare. They say no. I then can search the car and if I find something we legally we can seize it. In secondary they are given another chance to amend their declaration. 

Many times they say no and after looking in their trunk I find bottles of alcohol. It's like really? They always say they forgot. 

Usually I issue a warning. You can bring 1 bottle of alcohol per adult per month. If they say they have nothing to declare and I find 12 bottles of wine in the back for one person they will be sent to secondary to pay duty, be returned to Mexico, or have it seized. Usually in cases like that seizing is the last option. 

Those commonly returned to Mexico if they are B1/B2 bringing a commercial quantity of items (they plan to sell in the U.S.). Although the other week a woman brought a bird cage and a bird. She voluntarily returned to Mexico to get rid of it. She crossed back and they again found the bird cage. She was penalized. 

We are officers that sometimes take the work to seriously but it's mainly due to the vast ignorance of travelers on their return. No documents, claiming to know their rights when we search vehicles and baggage. 

I'm not sure how to link on mobile but here is a review on Yelp by a fellow officer that explains it perfectly:

http://www.yelp.com/biz/otay-mesa-port-of-entry-class-a-san-diego?hrid=5Jo5ZSdnKWWOOP0Z9gbCTg&amp;utm_source=ishare"
"Qp of concentrate "
"This band had one of the strangest changes in style. They went from NWOBHM, to sounding like Italian prog rock. 

Edit: Well. It might have been there on the debut as well."
So what's so funny about this? immigrants dying? I always knew this shithole was stormfront lite.
"[That's how I roll](https://www.google.ca/url?sa=i&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=images&amp;cd=&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiIkKqFz8jKAhWFloMKHYirBzMQjRwIBw&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Fmyfashionjuice.com%2F2010%2F04%2F12%2Fthe-north-face-vs-the-south-butt%2F&amp;psig=AFQjCNFN9NCKevJZDwMsTz93EQ4pFlOdow&amp;ust=1453936849794355) "
"To be honest, whatever role you get when playing under diamond shouldn't matter. "
"I'd say piggie puberty as well. And don't worry about figuring out who's dominant for now, it may very well change after puberty is over :P it's a chaotic time, hang in there"
http://i.imgur.com/zWT18Or.jpg
"I'm not overweight, I'm about 160LB, 5'11"". I never have trouble sleeping, I'm one of those people that can fall asleep standing on the bus and then wake up right before the stop. And when I get super drunk (maybe once a month), I tend to get the most restfull night of sleep ever."
That's what I figured
It's big but it's no Cheick Tiote.
[deleted]
This guy said what I was basically gonna replay.
"&gt;base in Russia. Not long after that, said area got bombed

Pretty sure that did not happen."
"Thanks! Makes sense, I will try tomorrow!"
"Redbull Ultradavid, I like the sound if that."
/r/shittylolprotips
"it was closed last tuesday when i went... heard they've been having problems lately 

"
Yeah.  As far as I know the original was the animated Ralph Bakshi one from the 70's.
"It takes an incredible amount of training to throw those drones properly.  If they had pulled in just anyone they would have likely just thrown it into the water! "
"I always thought it might be interesting if arty's ROF went up, the ability to perma track tanks was made almost non existant (for the sanity of those getting artied), and the damage was significantly lowered.  

Also much more AOE damage for punishing cluster of enemies, maybe some cool animations showing dirt really flying up in the air (I mean like really high up the air so the player knows arty is shooting at them and it looks cool) and the ability to fire smoke to cover advancing tanks IMO would make artillery a really fun class to play as opposed to tomato cancer sniper extreme."
"Honestly the EMP effect for Thunder already proves that this is a Mute (see what I did there?) point. The only thing the game has that is really worth jamming are health stations, sentry guns and occasionally mines. There are simply not enough electronic devices to justify an ability solely focused around countering them."
I just love how in MSFT people get to work remotely a few times per week! :)
"I don't even care if this is real,  I love it. "
"Real men don't grab their tits. "
"lol, the only thing I hear people say out of your list is about the cases and music kits. The rest you just made up."
"i guess the queue tries to fill up the server with complete 5 man teams

so if 5 people queue together, they can almost instantly join

if 3-4 people queue up together, they have to get matched with a solo player or duo team, whereof you wont find that many (since they tend to play solo or duo BRs in the first place)
"
"Miltank is bad enough, but when her Clefairy's Metronome scores Spacial Rend and Roar of Time one after the other...

That was not a good day.

I fucking hate Whitney."
"Oni su super primjer poslovanja. Pratim ih već duže vrijeme i gledanje njihovog širenja je stvarno školski primjer. Što pokazuje i ovaj pothvat. Odlično. "
"I have oem bars, they're fantastic. No noise complaints "
"2 secs duration is a soft cap.  Stacks =as many as attacks during 2 secs. 

My guess anyway "
can't block the hickok
"depends on what 'THOSE' are.

Just sent it to you.."
"This channel is 100% empty for me.  No past broadcasts.

edit: Tournament is free to watch in game though! Just found out.  Good stuff."
"No sorce, but it's in Sydney. It's a very popular swimming spot. Just a random rouge wave."
"People struggle to realize this, as much as people struggle to realize say, how much safer cars are compared to just 15 years ago. Yes, cancer is still there, it'll never really go away, since it's pretty much ""what goes wrong after nothing else does"", but the treatments are much more effective, a lot less invasive, people with cancer live much longer now. "
"I used 'rest' instead of relapse :D your flair says day 7, did you relapse 7 days ago? I remember you were on the same no of days as me"
Canyon creek? Anderson mill area
"Dissolution of the police sounds terrible. Have you been in/seen a riot occur? Chaos in the streets? There is a reason every single advanced society in history has a police force. People can be shitty and vigilante justice is often wrong. (The wrong people get punished). While our system is far from perfect, its a whole lot better than living without police, or in a society that chooses to attack/kill their own civil servants. You don't become a police officer to get rich the entire life style is full of long hours and sacrifice, as well as dealing with the shitty side of humanity.

Reform sounds good. Dissolution or violence sounds niave, childish and all around terrible."
"I find myself in a very odd position.  I'm very firmly of the opinion men and women are different in many meaningful ways, but I can't say I can relate to a situation where attraction wasn't the driving factor behind sex in my marriage in my 20s and 30s.  I'm stuck between believing that many people are married to spouses they aren't really that attracted to, and that I was very lucky in my marriage. "
"I think that the Wings will definitely kick the tires, but I don't expect an actual trade to happen, because every team that is willing to give up a top defenseman would want one in return. I think the Wings would give up Smith and maybe even Athanasiou, but the Blues would definitely want DeKeyser."
for sure!!
ech
"I wonder how expensive it would be to release a new movie on VHS, just to have that title/collector item?"
I think he means if the 1st match ends on time.
Its so much better than 3. Don't worry.
It's cool. Thanks for not being a jerk about it. :)
"Grandstanding. "
"&gt;ratios:

&gt;Q: .3-.5 TAD and .6 AP

&gt;W: .7 TAD

&gt;E: 1.3 TAD and 1.0 AP

&gt;R: .25 TAD

&gt;Passive: 

&gt;Fixed AS scales at 3%/lvl

&gt;Execute damage is 15/20/25% at 1/6/11

&gt;AD% amp is 2-40%/lvl + 40% of crit chance and 25% of bonus AS

&gt;MS on crit is 10% + 40% of bonus AS

from gypsylord in twitch chat (actually was the real guy)"
"oh, this has nothing to do with beer ..."
"&gt; ""Being against bankers is anti-semitic because banker is code for Jew"".

To explain this as quickly as possible:

Focusing your anti-capitalism on bankers is fetishistic anti-capitalism, in fact, it is downright harmful, horrible, false consciousness capitalism. The idea that the problem of capitalism is the ""speculative bankers"" that ""burn all our money"" as opposed to the inherent crisis character of capitalism as a whole and the necessary crisis it creates is fetishistic and extremely harmful. It fosters the idea that there is an inherent contradiction not between use- and exchange-value, but between ""parasitic"" and ""working"" capital, i.e. banking is parasitic, while true ""concrete"" capitalism is totally alright. This is then turned into an abstraction fitting into a general ideology. Bankings is rootless, abstract, it runs around the world, it is parasitic and steals from everybody, etc. And guess what. The same things are associated with Jews. And because you cannot actually fix capitalism by getting rid of bankers, if that shit doesn't work some of the Occupy Wallstreet people will - under the right conditions of course, and after a while - look for the other thing that is ""rootless, abstract, runs around the world, parasitic (and does banking still). And that thing is Jews. So if you are being a smartass and call for the pogrom against bankers (""hang the bankers"" hurr durr), then you might think this is an effective way to create class consciousness or whatever. But you aren't. You are creating *antisemitic consciousness*, because you aren't explaining and critiquing capitalism properly, you are ""critiquing"" it fetishistically, and if you critique capitalism fetishistically, you get the king of fetishistic anti-capitalism - anti-semitism, Nazism - because those are the things you get if you blame the inherent crisis character not on an abstract system, which is capitalism, but on a bunch of evil banker ""1%"" conspiring to keep us down that need to be annihilated. It is just very dangerous.

Now that is not to say everyone that wants to destroy the EZB is a Nazi. But that they already have shreds, parts of the ideology that *to its full conclusion* leads to Nazism. It is like when someone says ""Hm. There is a lot of inequality, we should probably change that"" - then this is a beginning to leftism. And fetishistic capitalism critique, is, well, you know.
"
ech
Correct. Any decent HS team would beat the WNBA All-Stars.
I felt like I was playing a crappy MMO when I played DA Inq.  The gameplay was fun but the lack of story in the sidequests was just awful.
"Sure there's a chance he might not be in his cosy chair soon, I know he made it so it's not gonna be easy to stop the movement but it won't be impossible for the scapegoat they'll send out to do it"
"You want killer whales? Cuz this is how you get killer whales. "
"He must have deleted them.  He was getting downvoted into oblivion.  He didnt even say ""I lied.""  Someone asked him for more pictures of the event and he was like ""Oh, this didn't happen last night.  This was at a campaign function in 2012(might ahve been 2008).""  And then the downvoting started."
Kyrios PVP.
"Nope, I have an S5, I just hold it out of the stream :)"
"No shit, i love these drama posts. Finally something to read on this sub instead of all the boring repeating stuff. For the first time in since months i am excited to come to /r/hearthstone again."
"Yeah I mean I guess the problem is that there are cis woman with more masculine features than trans women and vice versa (same scenario for trans men and cis men). Trying to make a distinction just seems transphobic (not that you are, just the idea that trans people need to be grouped with aliens).

Sure if you don't like masculine women that may mean that some trans women are disqualified (maybe even a high percent of them, I don't know) but certainly would not include all of them unless the mere fact that they are trans makes you unattracted."
"I had a similar-ish issue (but it was a license restore from my PS3 to PS4 when they had the upgrade campaign, but also had PC on the account) and they said they could destroy the account. Which means they will let you re-register, but you would start at LVL 1 - both PC and PS get deleted - nothing would be carried over."
"POWERBALL TICKETS, FUCK YEAH"
It was a routine header across the box.  There was absolutely nothing special about what he did that some striker priced half what he is could do.
"What are you, celibate?"
"Ah I see, in this instance compliance might be better termed 'medication compliance'. I agree it would be more odd to have a doctor engage in this sort of system, though the idea of letting health care professionals use systems which are carefully designed is one I support in general. You'd be surprised how terribly designed much medical equipment is!"
"Ihate black peple "
The world was supposed to end on 12/12/12
"And again, we don't need to involve public insurers who seek a profit when discussing something that should be a right of all people."
[deleted]
[removed]
Hey wanna run trials? My FC is in my flair! Added you.
"    Thanks for letting me know this!  I didn't know how people were doing this in the past."
"If the .gif wasn't shortened and reposted, you would see what they were doing, u/onlysame1"
"**--FOR SALE--**



**FOOTWEAR**

~~[Wolverine 1000 Mile Krause Boot - Size 8.5](https://www.grailed.com/listings/311852-wolverine-1000-mile-boot-krause-captoe-firsts)~~

[Red Wing Iron Ranger - Firsts - Amber Harness - Size 8D](https://www.grailed.com/listings/271625-red-wing-heritage-iron-ranger-8d-8111)

[Red Wing Beckman - Firsts - Black - Size 8D](https://www.grailed.com/listings/281535-red-wing-heritage-beckman-8d-black) 

**OUTERWEAR**

[Barbour Bedale Waxed Cotton Jacket - Navy- Size 42](https://www.grailed.com/listings/263012-barbour-bedale-navy-size-42)


**OTHER**

https://www.grailed.com/users/myitems/69505-itsjerryberry"
"* I want Mau Codestones
* 14
* Either acquiring Sword of Reif or Hubrid Nox's Memorial Shield (or both, if I'm lucky!)
* Work and Guild Wars 2, and perusing more interesting battle options."
"""Waiting for a friend.""  "
Preparation H
tbh its cheap fun that allows me to meet new people everyday :)
ech
Links?
"I don't doubt that either, but a signed picture from 20 years ago doesn't proove his current stance on healthcare."
"What is the point in bowing if your not Muslim what is there to be learned? For the record I would want my kids to visit a church and other places and my parents took me to Erfurt Cathedral where Luther did his thing when we moved here from Russia but I wouldn't want my child to sit through a sermon either or take communion....it is too much. Religion should be taught in an impartial way, ""this what Buddhists belief"" not ""everyone do some chanting with the yogi"" it feels wrong.


And yes, it's not even thinly veiled i do not like this. "
"But really though. Forge was alway my go to whenever I couldn't access Live during the Halo 3 days. "
"Not silly! I wash my face while topless. I don't keep anything on my sink except for the soap and my face wash, so I don't really mind that water gets everywhere. My sink is tiny, too. I have a designated hand towel used for cleaning up the water that gets all over the sink. "
ech
"This is completely false according to this gif

http://media.giphy.com/media/UOftbZMBn0o1i/giphy.gif"
"I don't ever use my phone very bright, but in the sun at max brightness it's very easily readable and that's all I really care about. Good enough for me, not as bright as my old iPhone probably. I also don't use adaptive brightness if that makes a difference.

Edit: Forgot to add, I usually comfortably use my phone at around half brightness. "
"got me there. 

I was skimming forums and reddit. "
"Lol that sparksword goes with me throughout the game. If I remember correctly, only enchanted weapons and silver weapons work on undead type enemies, so getting it grants access to the crypt areas early on."
nice. where'd you find these? were they on the blu-ray or something?
I read books about various ancient religions and mythologies and found that it was all the same stuff.  Changed my view on things when considering that Christianity is just based off old pagan myths with many gods changed to one god.
"I'm so stoked for this hire. "
"Well to be fair, people claim it isn't at all connected to FE and shouldn't be discussed here. That is something I disagree with.

I've never heard anyone claim IR#FE is a mainline fire emblem game though."
South Leeds master race
Then what were they about? That's what the prisoners were complaining about.
"Can we get that wallpaper, please?"
"Shrimp Po Boy and a sweet tea!

I do not mind this."
"Wait, you mean *Plessy* isn't the law of the land anymore??? Say it ain't so, Joe!"
"Thanks!

Thanks!

Thanks!"
"Seems like the easiest way is to get two tablets, and hook one to an off the shelf device like Stratus or Skyradar or whatever, and the other to a Stratux.

It's all relative, really. If we're seeing the same targets as an OTS receiver, we're good. If we're seeing more, uh, super. If we're seeing less, _that_ is the only real problem scenario. And only really a problem in my mind if the missing targets are at close range (&lt;20nm)."
"Well FWIW, I don't know how effective gabapentin is at stabilization, but it could chill you way out, and it's pretty much magical for my anxiety."
"[Alvaro (Espanyol): ""Fouls on Messi? Messi dribbles, I have to foul him to stop him. I'm not a dirty player.""](https://twitter.com/barcastuff/status/687392944010190852)"
I was gonna call you out on dropping your name like that but then I realised it's gonna be literally impossible to google you and find anything about you.
"It's hard to make an accurate demographic statement when one product is legal and the other is illegal. Once both are on a level playing field for consumers, it'll be easier to tell which is used and abused more."
"Great, thanks a bunch. "
Definitely The Lismore. Best urinals in Glasgow.
"I think you see christianity as more good than it really is. Sure, it's not as bad as certain religions but still, let me point out a few negatives I can think off:

* Denying science 

* Mandatory church - you say it's a good thing, but a kid who doesn't buy into it is not going to like it and might feel oppressed and start to dislike the parents

* Conversion and the like - religion by itself promotes conversion and creates barriers in society, as if we didn't have enough already


Now what I can congratulate christianity for, is being able to change with the times, slowly but at least it does. Which I can't say for islam for example, those guys are still murdering non muslims and raping women.. "
"Exactly, plus having the bubble there while waiting for the relic runner to get there is a life saver"
"I'm in - One flew over the cuckoos nest. Revisiting an old favourite. I love this book. "
Thanks.
It's bad enough that all the families in your Sims are just you and Maggie recreated over and over.
"Better have my money. "
[deleted]
"Heyyy is this you? I just learned this yesterday on my ukulele! Yay, I'm practically Throwie."
Yeah but the other guy was saying it was a picture of P Diddy instead of Kanye.
[deleted]
Well 51-59 doesn't apply to people who have a relic already or don't care to get one
"Yes, but he's also legitimately bitchy and annoying. I wouldn't be able to spend more than a few minutes with him before trying to punch his teeth in.

People tend to expect character development in TV serials. I don't think it's too unreasonable."
[deleted]
Do I have to have gone out and bought it or had someone to buy it for me?
It is. The fact that she was removed at all singles her out as somehow different from the others in the eyes of the perp(s). In whatever way.
TIL Ira Glass is an old jew. I honestly thought he was a young 20 something based off of the sound of his voice.
"Exactly, mate. Sure, we can argue whether he could have said this more eloquently or answered that in a different way, but what we cannot and should not dispute is that most of what he does is planned. He's seen every single trick in the book in those 40 years+ - and the best thing is: he hasn't let himself get corrupted or disillusioned. Call me a circlejerker all you want, but that man is my president."
"I've always used my area code ""617"" (like in my reddit name) or sometimes the city abbreviation ""BOS"". I've never been in an actual clan so that's what i've been using since i started playing Cod in 2010"
[deleted]
"Bisexual here. Yeah, most of the breakfast club (The LGBT alliance at my school) are like me. It's the vocal ones who suck the fat one."
me too thanks but idk tho
I know right. But I got you a Light Ball to cheer you up!
She is so cute!!
Sport is reporting that Nolito is coming.
"Why doesn't Riddell just make their own or buy out one of these companies? It seems pretty clear *something* will have to be changed and the helmets seem like the clearest first step. "
"I know, I think you didn't catch my humor or my loyalty to your subs maxims. "
"Wow, you seem really smart."
[deleted]
"At some point it just doesn't matter. Blind luck will bless a minimum of 5% of his progeny with excellence, and 5% of 800 is 40.

Four zero.

Forty.

Children."
"Loft music by the Weeknd chopped and screwed. A  quality session "
"Well, I think from the standpoint that Papacy would be more comfortable with the word Imperator and the ""Basileus"" will most likely to conform with that as a nice Catholics, and I believe the reason the emperor of Eastern Roman Empire was called Basileus because their empire drifted from Latin-speaking remnant of Roman Empire to become so-called Empire of Greek. 

Popes still called Byzantines Basileos ""Imperator Romaniae"" or Emperor of ""Romania"" (to contrast with Emperor of the Romans that used as HRE's emperor's title)"
Me
Call them.
"Bernie should take the high road. 


The rest of us however, Hammer and Tongs."
Women are on average 70% shorter than men. The math that I just made up checks out.
Climb trees
"EVERYONE HAS TO POST 12 COMMENTS IF EVERYONE SUBSCRIBES SEES THIS. ILL POST LIKE A BILLION THO. "
"Oh, shut up and eat your dicks."
Restaurant manager?
"A coloring app seems hard to me because of the challenges to get the ui right combined with the trouble of programmatically dealing with the coloring areas. 

Game apps are fairly easy nowadays thanks to game engines, basic media (text, image, video) are easy thanks to xml (or similar) template layouts. A coloring app doesn't fit nicely into one of these boxes, so all I can think to do is custom roll it. "
"It's blindingly obvious that Brandon's confession was fake, false, coerced. The way he ""confessed"" is just not how people confess.

The most pathetic part of it was when he naively asked if they thought he'd be able to leave in 45 minutes, because he had to be back to school for 6th period. (I'm thinking: *Yeah, you've just confessed to a rape/homicide, you might be detained just a little longer.*) He had just had no idea what was going on."
"I mean they weren't assholes last time. Just got informed I was rejected, I asked why and they wouldn't say. "
"Because unfortunately it's too much work. Sure they have telemetry, but that is only good for car to car comparisons. Different teams will run different set ups that will affect acceleration. The only way to check would be to have an FIA delegate at the engine factories to ensure compliance and randomize engines. No way Mercedes and Ferrari go for that. "
"  
[Dragonlord Silumgar](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Handlers/Image.ashx?name=Dragonlord Silumgar&amp;type=card&amp;.jpg) - [(G)](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=Dragonlord Silumgar) [(MC)](http://magiccards.info/query?q=!Dragonlord Silumgar)  
^^^[[cardname]] ^^^to ^^^call"
Do you have any ANAD recs?
"Again?

What else do you need to ask about him?  Guy is riding his 15 minutes for the rest of his life"
"Fair enough I suppose.  There's a long story behind my thoughts, but it's boring.  Basically the handyman is not a nice guy and I do not respect him in any way.  I'm white as the driven snow and even I find his racism extremely distasteful.  He never cleans up after his ""building work"".  

I felt my comments justified, but without the context I guess I was being the dick here.  Sorry."
how many we talking
"All it takes is common sense man.

If all they did was accidentely hit another player and then immediately stopped then they weren't considered full rogue. Full Rogue means even if they stopped shooting they would be glaring red skulls and at that point nothing could save them. The give away is the 20 second timer which you only get if you accidentely shoot another player because if you go full rogue its bumped up to 40-80 almost immediately.

Since they accidentely shot a player and immediately stopped they weren't considered full rogue otherwise they probably would have been gunned down immediately."
"Neat! Now all you need is a bottle of Cutty Sark and a cat to complete the picture. 

*Nice NASA travel poster btw. Easily my favorite one out of the collection. "
"Sometimes your environment and the weather has a lot to do with it. I had mine as a child in the winter and it has only recently resurfaced because I joined my college's diving team (chlorine overload) and that combined with the dry upper midwest winter resulted in a breakout. I have also heard that allergins can be the cause too. "
"Nah, face shaman is more like 50/50. "
Alright Kif Kroker
This just shows me that I've been playing Pokemon Shuffle for ~150 days! D:
"Swype Keyboard. Nothing is better in terms of accuracy and predictions. Once you get used to swiping it's hard to type any other way. 

Also, there are a lot of gestures for selecting text, copy/pasting, changing between upper and lower case for selected text, etc, which make using it really convenient once you get used to them. "
"Dang, sorry. Got a bit of lag there, can still help though if you didn't get them. Ringing again."
"I can't argue with that.  "
"thats why he is stealing it, he has taken it from the lower altitudes in bottles so he can take it to higher altitudes where there is less. he is the Robin hood of oxygen..."
"med student here, i have to disagree, stiu si eu studenti romani care dau bani pentru examene, si stiu ca majoritatea studenti straini care dau bani, nu dau pentru ca nu stiu, ci pentru ca daca nu dai te pica. 
mi sa intamplat personal, sa intru la examen care ""strainul"" trebuie sa plateasca sa scriu bine, si cand sa merg sa iau nota, sa mi se modifice nota la una mai mica, just because i'm foreigner and i didn't pay. (p.s sorry for my romanian)"
Even my joke wasn't that bad
"After finishing my squat warm ups, I loaded my working weight. Two women walk in and set their mats up right in front of my rack. As I started my sets, I soon realized one was a trainer, the other apparently signed up for twerking lessons. I almost lost my shit multiple times."
"&gt; you don't talk about your FAness[...]don't expose our weakness to other people 

I think it really really depends how the FAness is being packaged and presented.

I used to say, *oh I'm so lonely I'll never find anyone*. People will nope out of that so fast. 

But recently I've been having success with *man, I've been so busy it's hard for me to get out* or *I don't know how you do it. I'm just horrible at small talk and meeting people*. These are things that non-FAs can understand and easily relate to. 

&gt; No one really want to be bothered with your depressive thought or problems 

I'm inclined to say that it's more awkward for them to deal with it. It would be insincere for me to care about my friend if I didn't care about the depressive thoughts as well, but throw me a bone here. I'm not qualified to handle full blown depression or suicide. So when that gets dumped on me, I don't know what to do and it's awkward. Normal people shy away from that

But I'm far from normal bwhaahha. 

Again, I think it's all in the way i package it, and the relationship I have with that person. I have a friend who I can say things like *I can tell when I'm depressed by how much WoW I play and McDonald's I eat. Hint: it was a lot this week. Work is shit.* Having that work to relate to gives an immediate opening (as well as the dangers of McDonald's and WoW). It's not exactly the things that are going on, and it's not the exact things I'm doing to feel better, but it gives them a chance to deal with depressive thoughts and problems in a way they can relate with.

That's what I think anyways. "
[deleted]
"Not really a technical term, more colloquial."
Blessed.. Uhhhh
"Beautiful! Just makes me think what a wasted opportunity Sauber's livery was last season though. I hope they come back this season with something that takes longer than 20 minutes to throw together. "
[removed]
You can use it in a chakram build I believe?
"Framer note, I would side nail that frame. Hot glue often does not work well with wood."
"Jackin it in San Diego. "
Yes I should probably eat at some point.  I'm scared of meeting my housemate though. He's been quite nice so far but I heard him being aggressive with someone on Skype and he's told me he wanted to kill me because of my singing in the morning and though he was probably joking I can't help being scared.
Thank god I have unlimited data
Ignorant kid spotted.
"*She presses her hands flat on the floor, rolling her hips*

Nnnngg... the fact that I have to get out of this shower... it sucks"
Seems to be the trend for former British colonies...
"Oh, this shit better get appealed.  There is no way in hell that this is constitutional. That state Supreme Court is full of idiots."
"Psyco. You don't deserve to be treated like this. When you are in a relationship, it really isn't how your SO acts when they are happy that counts. It is how they act when they are upset that really tells you if they respect and trust you. He has not changed. He is trying to control you by using silence as a tool, which is very damaging. You deserve someone mature enough to talk through problems, not this guy."
"I just have a music program, mouse and keyboard. That's all you need. Use his videos for ideas on song structure and ideas. Then look up some videos on how to sample a song to get guitar riffs or piano or whatever. I can link you to some If you would like. Another important thing. Start listening to music you like but past attention to the beat. You can get an idea for patterns. "
upvoted all comments too
"OP: Son, never be ashamed of good music.

Son: Dad, why are you...

OP: Shhh, shhh. A teenager told me on the internet to tell you this: Never Be Ashamed of Good Music.

Son: Ok.... I have to, maybe...

OP: He is 18 and so are his friends."
At least tyrod Taylor looks good
"When I was in culinary school, I remember our steak frite demonstration. I was sitting there watching a man who cooked for Sarkozy telling me the best food in the world, without arguments, is steak and french fries. Been at it 5 years since and he's just right. It ticks every box your deepest most visceral desires want in food. "
Done
the best way to shag women in spy movies. and it catches any and all fluids that tend to drip! get yours today!
...THEN I'LL SMASH IT WISH A HAMMA
She needs a new one now.
"...Monty was a lucky, lucky man. 


...dammit, I'm crying."
"Hi there! Your post was removed because it uses the text box. Per [rule 1](/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-), use of the text box is prohibited. You can resubmit your post [here](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true&amp;title=What's your secret aspiration?) without the textbox.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
it's a power developed granted by Ragnaros to some evil druid
I don't think beating around the bush would be a good idea.
I'd love that too
[deleted]
"Yes I know, I just think it's funny you think that way. Why not just to styles where there's tangible proof then?  If you can't notice a difference in 90md/90zd then you haven't been paying attention."
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy? (2005)
A good terrorist attack or two on european soil will help. Or civil unrest. Or migrants attacking natives again. Or natives attacking migrants. I wonder what are the odds of any of those happening? Hmmm...
"Beautiful work! I love your choice of color.  Colorful doilies are my favorite. They're particularly great for people who have an accent wall painted. 

I'm gonna have to make this one in teal for my Ma. :o)"
"I'm a gay black guy, I've been on various sites and apps for the last 10 years, and no one's ever called me a n----- on any of them. The worst I've ever seen is in a chat room (LOL I'm old) someone referred to a club's Hip Hop night as ""N---a night""."
Enjoy !
"I've lived all over Canada.  Pertaining to stance on anything liberal Alberta is a poor standard by which to judge.  As I said though I would really dig to check out NL. "
[deleted]
[Get out.](https://i.imgur.com/iWKad22.jpg)
"I felt so sure that I'd like one more than the other.... but it turned out I like both equally.  I brought over a basket of these biscuits and three jars of jam to share with two (male) neighbors and they also liked both biscuits equally.  So, I recommend trying the 'Southern Style Baking Powder Biscuits' first because you don't have to worry about having to add vinegar to the milk.  Let me know if you make these - and how you like them!  ; o )"
You can change reddits by installing RES and enabling nightmode but thats as far as it goes i think
"I fave been playing on Mac client since its release with tons on ongoing problems. I have almost accepted the fact that Riot doesn't remember that the Mac client exists. "
"Neville.  With a mustache.  Huh.

Actually, he could make a good Lupin, I bet.
"
"Stress also made a little mistake later on in the game! [At this point](https://youtu.be/HHG0hYwNsxk?t=47m46s). A little earlier, as a fight broke out in Splyce's base, Gamsu and Febiven were battling Wunderwear, who dies to them extremely fast. 

Stress comments, saying: ""The fact that he [Ryze] doesn't have any armor against a double AD composition as well, makes it so tough!""

However, Corki's damage is about 70%+ magic, rather than physical (and he was the one mentionned as the 2nd AD). So, armour wouldn't have mattered as much as he says, especially in this fight where Wunderwear was only at hands with Shen and Corki. 

Nothing really important though \^^"
"Yea same, I'm sure it's pretty hard to compare the two since they are vastly different and everything, but vaping is still so much better its not really worth worrying about. Especially if you're vaping to quit smoking."
"I tried adding extra objects, but they ran into other problems, such as aligning with the edge of the ""body"" as they turned. Also, some light reflects off of them regardless of how rough the diffuse is set."
"Hate to necro, but it seems you are putting yourself in situations where you're far more likely to run into trans individuals. So, of course your estimates are going to be swayed. I went to a highschool with around 900 kids and had one ""trans"" student. Who sadly AFTER they became an adult realized they weren't trans at all. Was just an edgy teen trying to be a teenager.   

Highschool metrics really shouldn't count, because you're hardly developed enough to control your emotions let alone determine how you identitfy sexually. Not saying this is the case for every kid in highschool, but it's true for the vast majority. Especially with something as confusing as sexually.  

Ignoring that part, you mentioned you were part of a community that was pretty much a guarantee to have you cross pathes with transgenders. So, it's going to seem like 1/1000 or 1/100, but in all honesty that is blowing it up to be way larger than it is."
Why couldn't you line the stone with a canvas?
"Wow, that's an interesting perspective that hadn't occurred to me at all."
"I dont make my ""whiteness"" a major part of my identity. So when other white people do dumb shit I don't really care. And when another idiot decides to baselessly generalize groups of people off of the the actions of the first idiot, I don't care about that either. Idiots will idiot, its been like that since before fire was discovered."
"Personal favorite video from reddit.

""Worst password ever.""

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLE7zsJk4AI"
I didn't get one (or I haven't gotten one yet). Sad.
"Does it have the feature to auto replenish your spent BTC by initiating a new Bitcoin purchase at the moment you spend?  /u/bdarmstrong 

I realize only the most hardcore enthusiasts would use this option as you basically pay an additional 1% to coinbase on top of your current charge price, but it's a convenience to not have to log in later and manually replenish.   

A lot of Bitcoiners ""spend and replenish"" to promote the network and maintain their BTC balance. "
What state?
"Lol Woodsworth's whole website is down (now I know why at Frosh week we chanted ""Your wood is worth nothing""), anybody have any idea when they'll be back up? Kind of preposterous that every other college has their website up and running..."
"Really?  Queen,  Zep, Beatles, foo, Nirvana, Aero, Foster don't have lyrics that are important to their music? 

You're making a really pretentious criticism of my taste thay isn't really based on anything substantial.

I also like Elton John and Michael Jackson. So I still hate music where the lyrics aren't core to the listening experience?

The more you type, the more you sort of sound like a music snob.  That's a shame because nothing I've said here is music snobby.  I recognize that people have different tastes and don't have any problem with people liking or disliking whatever music they listen to.  You seem to be pretty judgemental.
"
"Hey, I made that! I'm glad you like :)"
"do you have the mew code that you want redeemed, or you need someone to get you one?"
"The trick to making it wearable is using a light hand, and only using it in the crease, rather than all over the lid. I looove me some red/burgundy shadows (I have green eyes, so they're super flattering) but I go lightly with them and blend, blend, blend. 

I found this blog post which has some really good examples of what I mean! http://www.thecelebritytalk.com/11-ways-to-make-red-eyeshadow-look-totally-wearable/"
"This nobody who will not be declared as a presidential candidate is not important. This comment may not sit well, but the populous choice on the left side of the spectrum will never be accepted by the establishment and whoever he is will fade back to the background. Unless he is declared, he is just another no name politician. "
[deleted]
Welcome to the FBI watchlist. Please take a seat while waiting for your Sexual Abuse of a Minor charges
"#CLICK --&gt; [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofcsgo/wiki/faq) &lt;--
Your submission has been automatically removed because your account does not meet our [**minimum karma requirement**](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq#wiki_what_is_that_number_next_to_usernames.3F_and_what_is_karma.3F). Please read the rules to learn more @ http://www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofcsgo/wiki/rules

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/randomactsofcsgo) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Work a few shifts in the ER and then you'll see why nobody was offered food and drink.  ;)   
 
--From an ER nurse possibly looking to transition to psych."
"* Username: EroticFuehrer
* Join date: 2014-07-30 05:31:27
* Link karma: 773
* Comment karma: 55
* Confirmed trades: None
* Heatware: None

^^This ^^information ^^does ^^not ^^guarantee ^^a ^^successful ^^swap. ^^It ^^is ^^being ^^provided ^^to ^^help ^^potential ^^trade ^^partners ^^have ^^more ^^immediate ^^background ^^information ^^about ^^with ^^whom ^^they ^^are ^^swapping. ^^Please ^^be ^^sure ^^to ^^familiarize ^^yourself ^^with ^^the ^^[RULES](https://www.reddit.com/r/hardwareswap/wiki/rules/rules) ^^and ^^other ^^guides ^^on ^^the ^^[WIKI](https://www.reddit.com/r/hardwareswap/wiki/index)"
It's not so much about the location the car was manufactured at. What's more important is the ideology of the car's designers. This is a very American car regardless of whether or not it's made in the USA.
[deleted]
you're an idiot.
Windows 10 has a refresh feature where you can re -install without losing files and programs.
Everyone did. And I think that's a testament to one of the greatest actors of all time. The son of a bitch made ALL of us cry over a goddamned volleyball
"Even funnier is that those were SHOTGUNS, while in the banned episode it was just a pistol."
"The thing is, they all look the same, so you cant tell who is a asshole and who isnt."
"I slept with yours. "
"I'd say that as long as the sides of the gap were level, she wouldn't take the damage anyway, and could then save the wild shape. In addition, momentum is conserved, not velocity, so if she turned into a loin too soon she'd stop dead and then drop"
Which ruined city are you talking about?
"One of the main cognitive behavioral therapies for ADHD is breaking things down into small chunks. One of the negative emotional side effects of the medication doing what it's supposed to do is being able to look ahead in your life and see all that you have to do. It can be very overwhelming. The key is to take that new perspective and break it back down into individual steps so it doesn't seem as daunting. It's not easy but it's very possible. "
"In certain threads city fans trying to defend the club from people blinded by what the media say are often downvoted before someone like Domalino comes to the rescue, due to being well known and respected."
"All class can do it .. you just have to equip and drop a bundle in mid-air ... i use my birthday blaster :-)  
, it's not  '' only Engis '' :). 
what to do : Interact with launch pad - Equip bundle - Drop Bundle - Deploy Glider.     
Video of my Guardian here : https://youtu.be/5I7C2SehAnk"
Why does think Ozpin Pyrrha gaining Amber's power is going to defeat Cinder - it won't. Cinder will beat her even if Pyyrha gets the other half unless Ozpin knows this is a losing battle and simple wants Pyrrha to get the other power and escape.
"~~I don't believe so since Sierra is owned by activision.~~

Edit: realized that doesn't really have any bearing on a digital release.  Was thinking EA. "
"I think he's just overwhelmed by all the mechanics. He hates how his max hp keeps going down when he dies. He hasn't leaned stamina management yet so he's frustrated that dodging, attacking, blocking, running, etc. all consume stamina. I think it's just the normal learning curve stuff. I just don't want him to quit because of it. I know it's not for everyone but we have very similar taste in games and the like so I really think he'll love it when he gets it down. "
"I don't think it is, seems to happen only on older models of the phone. Think that all the current models have the problem fixed. I have owned one for months now, no hint of a loop"
"""If we're the Nazis, then *they're the jews*"""
"REPORTED. "
"paint.NET is powerful but I find MS paint so much fore intuitive for some reason "
"The worst thing that Greg Giraldo's Aryan replacement did was introduce me to Amy Schumer, the second worst thing was that he dated a fat chick. "
"He should be a boss, but if he was I'm not sure many people on here could claim to have beaten him without cheesing as an option..."
stone hands macon....
"I thought Windows Phone was not supposed to have cookie cutter home screens *badum tsh*

Yes, I subscribe to dadjokes, why do you ask?"
"I liked it, but it was really different from the other ones. I didn't really know how I felt about it when episode 1 aired, but it's really grown on me since."
Trouble isn't finding Johnny. Johnny is looking for trouble.
"Inexperienced dog owner. No toys? hundred bucks on chew toys could have prevented that. "
"Shana pulled an Emily Thorne and decided to start her own revengenda.

Those people at the playground were most likely a bunch of decoys she paid off to scare the Liars."
Dialogue in Japanese media goes right to left.
I GOT IT! That didn't take long at all. YAY
Try Cosrx's Low pH cleanser! It's gentle on my dry skin and it foams up nicely and makes my skin feel clean without stripping me of all my nice oilz.
"I think it is more that the anti-fascists' behaviour towards people, whom they consider fascists, to be itself akin to the fascism they claim to be against."
"God damned, this is going to give me mad administrative problems for my visa for year cali. "
"Haha yes. I told myself that whenever I get my ""monthly"" that I will treat myself to something I like for future baby because I, feel a little bad for myself. Haha It does help, for me at least lol My husband may think I'm being silly but oh well lol"
It's a thing for old people.
[deleted]
So we should wait for him to be 40 before getting serious? Great let's make a generation of shut in hermits. He needs to take his panties of and get real
Thanks for the input. I'll make a counter with just one of them being offered. I don't thin my team truly needs any major upgrades at the cost of sacrificing players that may allow for me to win now. Thanks again
"Remember the time [Cuban espionage agents warned the US about a plan by an exile to commit a terrorist attack,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuban_Five) so the US arrested them and let the terrorist go free?

Haha.. ha.. ha..."
Well what did you do to get that? Some glitch?
"I do so love pomegranates! But yes, that's what I was thinking of."
[removed]
The art is fantastic for his runmIm tempted to buy his GN of his GA run.Kind of sucks it ended.But atleast it wasnt as short as Geoff Johns run on Superman.
"Really interested in this as I've just brought gorehowl(alongside tbk though) back into my list to give Druid/Priest a boost. 
When you've got time could you let me know which matchups you think gorehowl actually improves &amp; what is a better pick in the tech slot?"
"http://www.hdssystems.com/Products/Catalog/

I haven't bought one and have no plans, this isn't my preferred format, but the people who have swear by them. 

http://edcforums.com/threads/the-hds-thread.125687/"
oof
"""Same difference""

I fucking HATE that phrase. Every little thing in the universe has the same difference to every other little thing in the universe! EVERYTHING! In fact, every little thing inside AND outside of AND within other universes has the same difference! Everything in existence AND nonexistent in fact has the SAME DIFFERENCE!

Saying same difference doesn't mean you won the argument, it means you're a FUCKING IDIOT WHO CAN'T THINK OF ANOTHER POINT TO BACK YOURSELF UP OTHER THAN THAT. AND IT ALSO MEANS I WON THE ARGUMENT. 

I get seriously pissed off and my friends learned fucking fast to not say that around me "
Spihsnoitaler
"I was referring to the song arab money which was in gta 4

EDIT: https://youtu.be/k4wZh-kSNE0?t=5m53s"
"Do you guys think this would be worthwhile to place on the mouthpiece?:

http://www.vaporbrothers.com/H2O-Waterpipe-Adapter-14mm-Straight-Female_ProductID_8070

Or this: https://www.artfire.com/ext/shop/product_view/oregonglassblower/11304688/14mm_glass_vapor_whip_adapter_female_90_degree_large_hose/handmade/accessories"
[removed]
"Shh stop telling the world about the secret commercial art of Jew jitsu. 

God. Next you're going to tell them about the secret of Thai kwon do. :("
2 minutes Turkish
"Sure, it's definitely a tempo thing."
oh ok cool. thanks!
"I don't think this means any thing just coincidence. "
"Not to be pedantic but I started off with saying ""A stalemate is when the other king is not in check and there are no legal moves."" But I guess we were being pedantic."
Affirmative.
You win. *upvotes*
"Don't forget about Lassen National Park!  Depending on the weather in March, the summit trail is fairly easy and the view up on top of Lassen is spectacular. Also the Trinity Alps area of northern California is really beautiful too.  

Also Point Reyes, Bodega Bay, Muir Woods are really beautiful too...not too far from the Bay Area - stop at Nick's Cove or Tomales Bay Oyster Company for lunch.   

If you're in South Lake Tahoe, there's a nice little restaurant called Sprouts.  We like to go there when we're up in Tahoe.  "
"I guess he was angry, I am sure something was said to set Scott off as well ,but it doesn't make it any less stupid. He could have done serious damage. Not that Scott's fist couldn't, but a club is usually stronger than fists."
...I loved that.
"This is the first picture I've seen on Reddit where I've recognized someone I knew, so it was weird to see that the first comment was someone pretending to know someone in the picture. :P"
[Autistic Reporter: Train Thankfully Unharmed In Crash That Killed One Man.](http://www.theonion.com/video/autistic-reporter-train-thankfully-unharmed-in-cra-20098)
"The documentaries used footage drawn from both Imperial and New Republic archives; they're the best possible source for examining the Death Stars.  Furthermore, the designer, Richard Edlund, stated the intention to construct a battlestation approximately five hundred kilometers in diameter, and Incredible Cross Sections gives a diameter of 160km for DSI.  DSII is obviously much larger, so it's definitely not 160km."
"You're moving the goalposts here. First you said that traditions are all or nothing. If one is followed then another one must be as well. That's a false equivalency. Now you're saying that if it was important she should have brought it up, despite evidence to the contrary. You don't have a valid argument here.  "
"of all the North Carolina based teams, the wolf pack is still my favorite  "
*heroin chic
I was sooo excited when they had a mini feud with Cena over the title. I wish Big E or Kofi ended up taking it from him instead of Del Rio.
"Western blot is not at all common. It is somewhat expensive and can only be done by certain clinics. People can get blood drawn by a local clinic and have their specimen shipped to a clinic that can perform the test.

The IgG blood test is pretty available in the US. I'm unsure of other countries.

&gt;My new patient panel did include herpes but was not either of those you mentioned. 

what test was done then?? "
"Lol c koi sa ?  
Pk c posT ici ? "
"That's soo crazy it just might work. "
"Hello! Please note that this post is a link to another subreddit, where the AMA is actually taking place. Comments here have been disabled. Please click on the link above to ask your questions in the sponsoring subreddit.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IAmA) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
The purple ones are my favorite!
"&gt;  it's their problem 

That's the thing, when they're screaming, crying, threating and talking shit about you, it becomes your problem too, not just theirs.

""Ghosting"" is the new ""friend zoning."" To me, the ""nice guys"" who always complained about friend zoning are just a  bunch of people who don't have the emotional maturity to accept the fact that not everyone will fall in love with them, so they take out their frustration on the person who rejected them. Same goes for ghosting.

I get it, being rejected sucks. We've all been there before, but it's extremely transparent when people take out their frustration on the rejecter and their methods of doing it. Seriously, I'm almost scared to reject people now without holding their hands, taking them to a child therapist and explaining the process to them through a series of puppets and flashcards, ending in a group hug and a positive affirmation circle.
"
FUCK YOU
does that beautiful angel ever not smile?
"Hawkes is a great choice for Tobin.  "
"Its a gimmick.  *How* music is made shouldn't really matter.  Its about the finished product.  Once you're over the novelty of the looping process, just like beat-boxing, acapella and all those guitarists with crazy tapping techniques, and you just simply *listen* to it as music... I find this kind of performance centered music to be pretty underwhelming."
"On pages 33-34 there are images of Iranian clerics commemorating Iranian Jews who fought and died in the Iran-Iraq war.

Damned if you do, damned if you don't. "
This is one of the most cliche retreads on this site. That doesn't explain color at all
"Hold onto my 2007 Corolla with 120,000 miles with no issues or get a 2013 Elantra at a discounted price from a friend with 30,000 miles? 

How reliable is the Elantra and how long could my Corolla realistically last?"
I won't be able to attend. Will someone be able to record the the Q&amp;A in decent quality?
"Now you are being an infant and changing your argument "
"Same, oddly enough."
"i'm an 'early adopter' if you will. "
alguém me explica quem é essa pessoa
"Well it was originally a post on Buzzfeed, so the comments were all ""You go girl!"" ""So brave"", etc."
"It could have a chance if managers stop giving players rest. I understand the benefits in resting players but it's still odd for me to watch a game and have a player be out and not be injured. "
"NP, I just got done grinding my Mage NB to vet1 just for PVP. Waited until v1 so that the armor lasts longer and have all racial passives. "
"There are for sure, but America/the west isn't supporting other groups doing the atrocities, so when one of our basically allies does this it's more startling than some random Jihadi group."
They are selling about the sams
I've seen Buddhist temples in my city with swaztikas on them. Hitler and the Nazis got the symbol from India.
"how is ur bernard, maybe make him a bit tankier to tank those pernas
"
"5/7, would try that. "
your running 2.2 beta? did it make your watch any faster?
That feels like a throwback to when you'd ask for directions to a location on a separate continent and it'd tell you to swim across the ocean.
I mod at /r/ImaginaryHorrors. :P
"That would take the fun out of it if you could just pick whatever countered your opponent, even if it was from a small random list."
Its only the witch with this white face
It was already announced in the first CS go Video and why should it be too early ? They are already a Team since last summer
I'm so jealous! That's a great feeling.
"  
[Patron of the Akki](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Handlers/Image.ashx?name=Patron of the Akki&amp;type=card&amp;.jpg) - [(G)](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=Patron of the Akki) [(MC)](http://magiccards.info/query?q=!Patron of the Akki)  
^^^[[cardname]] ^^^to ^^^call"
"When I'm on I'm pretty busy with the rest working on our deed so the idea of going over there and not having a fast way back has kept me from doing it.

That said, I had considered using an alt to port over there with... might be the best way, hehe."
Yeah I got a shipping notification last Thursday
"I don't mind spending coins for a stage when it's a lower amount. 400 coins doesn't bother me much especially when it's in the midst of TONS of new content that I'm trying to complete all with my limited daily hearts. Being able to play without eating up a heart sometimes is quite nice, especially when I have lots of coins grinded.

The problem I have with it is when it starts getting to high coin amounts to play a stage, like when Regigigas was 800. I feel that's too much."
"The Perks of Being a Wallflower

It's Kind Of a Funny Story"
"Like the bastardbowl or snowbowl. Do you think this will also not happen and that it's too cliche? GRRM is writing a fantasy novel, he might be flipping some troupes but not just ignoring them all together. Valiant knights versus monsters etc etc etc etc"
no because you deleted it.
"oh hey, that's Union Square station. There's always a group breakdancing there. I walk past them almost daily, maybe I'll see her!"
There's a question as to whether Eleanor Cruz had renounced her citizenship...
[deleted]
"Colorado looks up from a small haze of smoke and Podey Pizza, laughs at both states and sings ""And the Colorado rocky mountain high I've seen it raining fire in the sky You can talk to God and listen to the casual reply Rocky mountain high"""
Timing would be uncanny if they're playing Ole Miss.
"My flatmate tried to convince me the earth is flat and that the moon landing was faked. 

He works at a bank. (He's like 30)"
"A few years ago I was sat at work and let out a huge sneeze.  Unfortunately this also forced out a huge fart.  Instantly I apologised to a member of staff next to me.  She did not laugh but did look shocked,  I will never know if the sound of my sneeze covered the sound of my fart.  But either way I was right to apologise. "
"Dropped in a bar and cleared some beds. 

Seems to have done the trick. "
"&gt;  Lilit

not that busty but lmk when you find out who it is"
"Have heard good things about American Giant's. Todd Snyder, mentioned below, have nice sweatshirts, as does Reigning Champ and Archival. 

We have three colors in stock in Medium and Large. Sewing up some more soon. I'm curious - were you looking for an XS one, and thats why you said only one color in stock? Or is the site confusing how it only shows the colors for that specific size you've selected (and it defaults to the smallest size)"
It looks like he riding an invisible pony.
"It's a shitty, outsourced recruiter because the company is too cheap to hire people properly. "
"This only applies to non-life threatening issues.

And on top of that, there are still private doctors you can go to and get things done faster.

And they are still a fraction of the cost of the USA."
"Communication is key my friend.  The first step is to open up a conversation on the subject, and make it clear that this is something that you would like to do.  You can do this both verbally and non-verbally, and in my experience, non-verbal is the most effective if your SO is a bit standoffish with regards to sexual experimentation.  This video mentions foreplay, but it glossed over the details quite a bit, so here's my three step process into getting into untying her mahogany knot. 

**Phase 1:**

First off, you've got to get her comfortable with the idea of sexualizing her asshole.  Probably the best way to do this is by licking her ass while going down on her.  Don't just go straight into tongue punching her fartbox though.  There's always a point in giving a woman cunnilingus when they start to get really squirmy.  You'll notice her breathing pattern will start to change, her hips will start to move, and she'll probably start groping your head a bit.  THIS is the moment that you start making your way down south.  Start by doing a little back and forth between her asshole and her pussy.  She may sort of react a little weird to it at first, but at that point, she's probably already experiencing a mild orgasm, and will be receptive to the feel.  (Note that getting your asshole licked is fucking awesome: guy or girl) 

 **Protip**: If cleanliness is a big deal, do this after she's recently showered. 

**Phase 2**

If she doesn't shy away from your approaches in Phase 1, then move on to Phase 2. Don't immediately go straight to probing her butt just yet.  Keep it to just licking for a few sessions, and then gently start fingering her ass while eating her pussy.  Depending on how often you have sex, you probably want to keep it at this for at least three or four sessions. If she still has not evaded your tactics, then it's a pretty clear indication that she gets pleasure out of butt stuff, and you are then ready to move into Phase 3.

**Phase 3**

The biggest thing to remember at this point is to KEEP. IT. SLOW.  Do not rush into it thinking that you can just ram your dick in her like you see in porn.  Those scenes are filmed with women who are used to having dicks in their asses on a regular basis, and have spent probably a few hours on-set doing prep work with lube and butt plugs.  Like the video said, use a ton of lube.  Coat your dick and her asshole with the stuff.  Also, it will probably help her if you have something to keep her vaginally stimulated while you are diving in.  One of the small ""Silver Bullet"" type vibrators are good for this.  Start with the tip, and using small, gentle thrust, slowly work your way in.  Don't try changing positions and shit starting out.  From my experience, the most comfortable position for her to be in is on probably on her back.  NOTE: If at any point she asks you to stop, do it.  Don't be a dick and try to berate her into continuing.  Be understanding and encouraging, and let her know that it's okay, and that you guys can always try again later.  

If she does let you succeed, then congratulations, you've earned your rusty sheriff's badge.  Now, just because she gave it up once, doesn't mean she's going to be open to it all the time.  Don't be a greedy bastard.  Attempt it when the mood is right, and forego it when it isn't.  With any luck, this will be something that both of you will enjoy, and you'll get to experience it on the regular. Good luck. 

**Source:**  I've gotten anal from the last three women I've been with (the last one I married).  All of them swore that they would never do it, and yet the two most recents not only gave/give it up regularly, but they actually really started to enjoy it, and my wife now even asks for it from time to time."
"Haha seriously though. Do you have a pic without the beard? Its a little long...maybe keep it shorter? Its hard to see your face to judge if your attractive or not but personally, i wouldnt date you with your beard like that"
"&gt; Why did Detroit do this? Because they were pissed off and thought, apparently, it would a nice F-U with which to send off their largest water customer.


That is the BIGGEST bullshit. The reason was because Detroit's and Flint's *Emergency Managers* decided to do this in order to save money for Detroit. Watching Republicans backpedal on this EMs decision is unreal. The Republican governor and legislature installed these EMs, overruling the democratic process. Oh, and they passed this *after the majority of the state voted that they didn't want it*. Grow a fucking pair and take some god damn responsibility. "
I love this analogy
"B.S in CM, checking in! Where's your B.S. degree from?"
I used enchantress this time. Doesn't really make a huge difference for Shadow I think.
I'm thinking they're going to be the next subject of a Discovery Channel reality series.
"Popcorn fried chicken. "
no u
"Raising a kid on Nexflix sounds a bit cringe-worthy.  "
"so the bad news is August is the toughest time to find cheap flights to Hawaii. we're talking $750 roundtrip from LAX to Honolulu. yikes.

if you're a bit flexible, one possibility is this 7/30 through 8/5 flight for $451

https://www.google.com/flights/#search;f=LAX;t=HNL;d=2016-07-30;r=2016-08-05

even cheaper if you do the week prior

in general, though, if you want a cheap flight to Hawaii, it'll probably have to be in a month other than August :-/"
Would you believe me if I said matchmaking made me do it?
"Broke my heart to hear Bowie call them ""vinyls"". I can only hope he was taking the piss: http://scallemang.ca/bowie25albums/"
I'm a cat lady. Guys with cats are the best. THE END.
"Come on, don't do that either."
Looking fresh as hell bro!
"His credentials don't matter in this case. Sure, he experience something transformative, something he firmly believed was a glimpse of afterlife.

However, we have no reason to believe it wasn't all created inside his brain. These sorts of near death experience occur when [CO2 levels in the blood rise](http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2010/04/100408-near-death-experiences-blood-carbon-dioxide/) during a trauma.

I mean, I can experience all sorts of weird stuff in my dreams and they are not a sign of supernatural. Merely that my brain is in different state."
"Are you in New Zealand and dating my ex? I feel for you girl. Don't listen to him. If he wants access to girlfriend privileges he needs to be up front about having a girlfriend. 

Don't worry. Eventually, he'll find a girl he likes enough to have sex with more than once and he'll have to tell her that he has a girlfriend and she will laugh and dump his ass to the curb, and then you will be there to laugh at him.

Or just open up your own OKC account and start looking for some new male friends. See what his reaction is.

Sorry, this hit close to home. I think you know what you have to do. "
"1d21200: **5355**

(5355)
*****
1d51000: **7143**

(7143)
*****
1d4000: **3545**

(3545)
*****



^(Hey there! I'm a bot that can roll dice if you mention me in your comments. Check out /r/rollme for more info.)"
ty
"Go with the MFA ""uniform"". 

Shirt: OCBD - Oxford Cloth Button Down. Check out Uniqlo they are solid depending on body type. Get it in light blue and white. 30$ a piece

Also your branded polo shirt should be fine if you wear the pants and shoes recommended below.

Pants: Docker Alphas. The darker khaki color, and navy blue will go with any of the solid and patterned shirts you will buy. 40-50$ a piece. They are slim fit chinos, so they will feel similar to the jeans you normally wear.

Shoes: The Clarks seem to be a good fit for you. Snag some beeswax or brown Bushacre 2s. 50-90$

Tie: don't wear a tie. Don't do it. You're not a banker you are an admin at a body shop. You will make a better impression in casual business casual than business casual, and ties require a jacket.

You should be able to build your basic weekly outfit for well under $300. Mix and match pieces to not feel like you wear the same thing everyday.
"
Mix Diskerud is just too far ahead of him....
here in Metro Vancouver basically every signperson is a woman so you are most likely correct
Dat ass do...yum
"I agree about the stupidity of R&amp;J.  In high school I calculated just how much actual time they spend together--it's not much, that's for sure.  If I could see DT in it though, I might give it another chance ;-)
"
Well it would still apply for a melee weapon and possibly something like a laser or gauss weapon.
"I downloaded steam from its website, but I tried installing the packages from the terminal"
"Evangelical here. It's totally normal. People (theist and atheist alike) are nitpicking because they don't like him, I think."
It's true!!! Sorry the late update. Suits a little thrashed. Zipper handle broke. Oil stains but still totally still usable!! Got a sweet evening sesh at state beach (which I misidentified as Mondos in the other post).
"I've also used that library, and written my own small wrapper around it to implement features allowing you to manage conversations with a bot, pretty great library."
"Thanks, I hope your right! How old would you guess I am?"
Omg. I'm doing this tonight! Punishment for Marcy!
"Pretty much, yeah.  After all, TANSTAAFL.

However, there are ways to mitigate risk using index funds and rebalancing regularly over the long term.

Of course, that requires the discipline to stay in (and keep buying if you can) during downturns, but over the long run the odds of actually *losing* money in the stock and bond markets is quite low. "
"Wait for the next batch of MP dragons

Also next time order it by att so we can see your entire box my man."
"Nu, a explodat internetul, nu presa. Presa, aia mai bine finantata, e in damage control si in full denial.

Hai sa nu fim absurzi. Sti foarte bine ca nu e la fel. Aici violatorii sunt pedepsiti daca sunt gasiti vinovati si Romania nu sufera de o gramada de violuri. In Pakistan, femeia violata e omoarata de taica-su sau de fratele ei. ""honor killings"" si toate cele. Si rata de violuri conteaza ori in tarile arabe si africane e mult mai mare. Deci te rog, sa nu fim absurzi. 

Nu e vorba de absolutisme aici. E vorba de procentaje. Ori aducerea de musulmani, fie ei negrii sau arabi, nu contribuie cu nimic pozitiv. Sunt mult mai multi inculti, mai incapabili de lucru intr-o economie precum romania, sunt mult mai criminali si mult mai prosti. Ori nu ne tre mai multi de asa fel. 

Daca in vest, musulmani care au trait acolo de 50 de ani deja, deci de cel putin 2 generatii, nu s-au putut adapta complet la normele vestice, dupa ce au fost inglobati de bani si beneficii si servicii publice, ce sanse au sa se adapteze in Romania sau in europa de est in general? 

Ar trebuii sa luam refugiati din ucraina asa cum face polonia si la fel si europa ar trebuii sa faca la fel. Cand a fost criza din iugoslavia am luat refugiati sirbi si bosnieci, asa cum trebe si a fost bine pentru toata lumea. 

Ar trebuii sa ne uitam si sa invatam de la ce se intampla in vest acuma si sa ne dam seama dinainte de dezastrul ce ar urma daca luam musulmani din tarile arabe sau africane. Nu ne va ajuta cu nimic in viitor, nu ne va fi mai bine si mai mult decat atat, niciodata nu se va incheia problema. Intotdeauna acele tari au sa aiba crize si probleme si o sa fie refugiati. 

In plus, majoritatea din aia care pretind azil nici macar nu sunt din siria sau irak. Sunt din afganistan, din maroc, din algeria, ghana, nigeria etc. Deci sa nu ne mintim nici in privinta asta si sa ne dam seama ca oamenii astia sunt doar niste lepre care din cauza ca acuma 20 de ani rude de-ale lor au venit in europa si au papat banii statului si au trimis cativa bani la rudele lor din tarile alea, si-o permis un loc pe o barca si sa vina in europa sa pape si ei din banii europenilor, ca aparent europenii sunt asa de prosti incat dau bani pe naspa. Ne trag in teapa si noi, ca as nu fim acuzati de rasism, ne facem prosti si ne lasam trasi in teapa. Ei bine, eu nu am de gand sa fiu prost si sa fiu tras in teapa. "
"Will Hal be the protagonist, &amp; Jon Stewart the token sidekick?"
The GOP nomination and the DNC nomination
"I tried to make it a real thing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rA8w0S71aik, hope it somehow worked?"
I'm pretty sure I said something similar to this hahaha
"Ok OK, rent a movie then."
"If you want to cut through the noise, the LR model will do a far better job, especially if the lite model gave you a %20 increase"
/u/Drizzy_Drew thanks for keeping this thread updated over the past couple of weeks. I am going to unsticky this now as we prepare for the official lineup release later tonight.
"i comment there a fair bit, generally girls get waaay more comments than guys (usually thirsty white knights going 'omg ur soo cuuute' and similar). If you're a guy and post there then imo you don't need to worry about how much feedback u get, just on the content itself. Actually ive noticed that average looking guys with not much really that they can improve get the least comments."
"Here you go: supposed images of an AWACS style plane over the white house when an inbound flight with terrorists at the controls was imminent. The conspiracy theorists think that makes the attack orchestrated by the US Gov. In reality, the USAF has planes like that sitting on runways just waiting to take off on a moment's notice. They were launched as soon as it was identified as an attack."
"More mysterious downvotes? This is a perfectly valid tip if you struggle with wall shots (I know I still whiff half the time)... 

It's true that it might be a bad habit to get into, as a bad wall hit with ball cam off might mess you up even worse, but as long as you get the toggle down it shouldn't be a problem."
"another terrible college party movie.. I can't wait. "
thats a really good point. didnt think of it that way. nice vids btw
"I guess it depends on what weight he's training at now, or if cutting weight at all will effect his lifts. 

He seems pretty comfortable around low to mid 140s in snatch and mid to high 170s.  I'd say 143/178 would be an alright result for him based on his recent training.  Definitely feasibly for 150/185 though on a perfect day.

He has so much reserve leg strength its incredible.  Compare him to other people with similar strength and his comp numbers are way lower.  "
no he was not doing 1000 3s a day. Billy had him focus mostly on defense over the summer.
Stank urine is the best.
"If all you are interested in is stopping the dog from pooping on the side walk, try getting a big jug of white vinegar or citrus oil (smells dogs dislike) and spraying that on the sidewalk areas with a garden sprayer. **Note** vinegar is a weed killer so probably not good to spray any living plants.

However, if you are concerned about the dog just roaming the street, CALL ANIMAL CONTROL. I don't know where you are in Ontario, but places like Hamilton, ON, CA have leash laws and required dogs be licensed."
Yeah no kidding lol!
"I wouldn't count on it.  This is the early adopter phase.  Initial consumer release of a new tech generally costs more than most people are willing to pay.  See: plasmas, blu ray, DVD, VCR, etc.  

Closest thing may be PSVR.  I'm sure it will be fine but I expect the top-end experience there will be quite different than the Vive/Rift just given the difference in potential between PC and PS4."
"Andy Samberg does manage to give a ""this is my high school theater project and I'm super excited that they're letting me do it"" vibe through the whole thing.  It's endearing, mostly."
"I'm reading some comments and I'm just think about how operations that elaborate are so common.
Like they performed the exact same way and the locals could call it out a mile away."
Mostly yeah. I don't really remembering it letting me down unless I aimed at the wrong player.
"Bruce's singing gives me a raging boner. No homo, though."
"Go from plat 1 to masters. "
"What is this ""time off"" thing of which you speak?"
Easier said than done ;) haha
"Only took me a week to figure out how to upload my own photo, haha. Apologies for the potato quality. [Here](http://imgur.com/gallery/gxTJAOH/new) you go!"
"Losing control of the situation is my job! Do you people want me to put me out of business? Panicking and shooting friendlies is all I'm good for these days and you want to take that away from me? "
"I wouldn't say it's Wicca without the essential defining characteristics of Wicca--tools, a ritual Circle, energy manipulation (magic), and so on. It's certainly within the wider realm of Paganism, however. Some of the more intellectual forms of Druidry  (OBOD etc) might suit you, or even some forms of Hinduism!"
What white cables are you using for your 24pin?
"*after what feels like forever the shuttle touches down on the surface of rannoch* Keelah... we're really here now... for real...

M: /u/CeelaZhura "
"What's the Matt-R, NRG?"
"I've always felt like this. With their strong distinctive accent, thinking they're their own country etc"
"&gt; This was awhile ago and I just remembered about it. **It was on the server civex** ***a version of civcraft***

WOAH WOAH WOAH LETS NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS NOW"
"You're going to get biased answers here. But having used both the current gen Moto G and 5X, if cost is not an issue, 5X. Took 2 RMAs of the G to get one with the least amount of touchscreen issues. And having NFC is nice as more places are taking it.  But the kicker is the fingerprint scanner and camera. Actually, software updates are also up there, personally.

The only upside the G has is that mSD slot. I don't personally find it enough to warrant giving up the other pluses. And it fits a bit better in your hand. Oh, and I guess if absolute cost is an issue, it's not the end of the world. Oh, battery life is pretty spectacular on the Moto G 3rd gen. I couldn't match it with my 5X at the time. I mean, it's slower, and the screen is no where as good. But if it had fingerprint and better QC, I'd swing that way.

But if you and spring for it, grab the 5X."
That dress is really pretty!
"Definitely pubes for teeth, I would eat so much plankton and nekton with my pube-baleen. "
TREEHOUSE MASTERS
"&gt;But if you finish them off, you go rogue. "
second that question. replayed it 5 times couldn't tell
link please :)
Junjou Romantica? It's the best that I can think of. Usagi is a famous wealthy author that falls in love with a regular highschool kid.
I took two 1mg tabs of 25d expecting to be able to handle it due to extensive experience with acid. I freaked out and had my first ever true bad trip. I feel like 1-1.5mg would be manageable and the visuals are great with this drug.
"Saweeet that's what I'm going for. Just got back from the hardware store because my dremel bit kit is somehow missing. Time to go to town on this thing. "
The honeycombs are awesome on that. How much do you wear it? Have you washed it at all? Also what shirt is that?
[removed]
"Suits - Louis litt

He just seemed cocky and like a baby at first (its what I remember) he become a bad a** after words and was actually nice so I started to like him more."
Most minor Wodehouse characters. Barmy Funghy Fipps.
I wouldnt want to play the game with all these crying pricks making a threat every time they get their ass served.
Since you've never found yourself in a situation where you're getting touchy feely with a woman and reach down to grab her cookie and end up with a handful of beans and frank consider the shock of that moment and the feeling of utter deception and confusion you would find yourself in.  There have been instances where this has happened and its ended in murder.
"(""You think I give a give"")"
"I have to say Male Nen. He has the DEEEEEPS, the buffs, the defensive, built in element damage, built in BUFF to his own element damage, built in buff to YOUR light damage, his crits reduce magic defense for other hard hitting magic classes like Ele and Asura, he has incredible range, his 70 Ex can pseudo hold, his 60 EX can pseudo hold better, he can turn Super Sayain, he rides a god damn tiger, he can do the melee range, he can do the far range, his Super Sayain 2/2nd Awakening gathers enemies.

If only he could heal you M Nen would literally have it all.

Did I mention he goes super sayian?"
Wow really dude get a life
I'll fit right in then!
"Hi everyone, thanks for being a part of r\/RandomActsOfMuffDive.

**Please note** that we have a new limit of one post per week (per person). Please wait a week before posting again.

[rules](/r/RandomActsOfMuffDive/wiki/public/rules) -
[sidebar](/r/RandomActsOfMuffDive/about/sidebar) -
[message mods](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FRandomActsOfMuffDive) -
[more in Chicago](/r/RandomActsOfMuffDive/search?q=title%3AChicago+subreddit%3A%28RandomActsOfBlowjob+OR+RandomActsOfMuffDive%29&amp;restrict_sr=&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all)

---


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/RandomActsOfMuffDive) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
i saw that movie last night....i was really not impressed. virtually no story and mostly diCaprio crawling around in the snow for 2 hours
"its bullshit i posted the warning with the specific area for harm reduction if the mods approve it i will again. "
"That one's a given. "
"Should be;

Last Son of Krypton, Champion of the Amazons, The Detective, King of the Seas, Scarlet Speedster, the Emerald Guardian"
Thanks for the response we hope to port to arma 3 with our own assets and standalone.
VK. Iconic.
"You needed to leave this up so that we could have some public discourse.

And no it is not cool that you deleted my post."
I'm not your pal friend
[deleted]
"Don't spam in trade. Don't swear a bunch in the fan feed. Don't shuffle credits or cards between your own accounts. Don't say you or someone using an account is under 13. Don't insult space slugs. Don't directly mention eBay or anything of the sort in the FF. Don't post links in the fan feed. "
"From what I gather, The Fine Bros channel is creating some sort of licensing system wherein they have copyrighted the format of creating reaction videos. So if you want to make a reaction video, they want you to license that format from them by giving them a fraction of any money you make off the video. This is the channel that created the series ""Kids React to X"" and ""Elders react to X"" any probably some others. But obviously they didn't invent the react video."
don't judge!
As the other person said you can delete any save you don't need anymore from this file: This PC&gt;Documents&gt;my games&gt;Fallout4&gt;saves.
Because a  c maj cadence is dm7 g7 cmaj7 and a7 is the dominant leading up to dm7. This means a basic turnaround in c is cmaj7 a7 dm7 g7.
"9,000 members!!!!! Thank you everyone. All DRC has been priced at $10.00 as an added bonus (thank you Thomas Baxa) all Redemption is also placed at $10.00 to get rid of the old Redemption labels too! www.detroitrockcandy.com. Please share our sale
😉
All 100ml and 240ml option have also been discounted. No coupon code needed."
"&gt; On the Xbox 360 it was a bit of a struggle, sure, but it worked well on the PC version.

The controls were doable, but trying to actually find something in it was just awful. And that was on PC. If it was worse of Xbox, then I really pity those people...

&gt; Geth and their data

People often throw that as an example how great MAKO is, and while that mission chain is good, the other planets are usually so utterly pointless wastelands (which is thematic, but boring). It is similar with Hammerhead in ME2, the missions with it are pretty dull, and Overlord turns it into pretty great..."
"I assure you rape victims are not imaginary. 

As for your points regarding the victims of this particular crime, no one disagrees that slander and libel are awful, horrible crimes that ruin lives. Everyone is bemoaning the male victims here, even if it's not explicitly typed out in one post on reddit.

This atrocity does not mean we can't make the very obvious 'boy who cried wolf' connection, nor does this crime mean we can't have empathy for victims of rape. Just because one reddit post highlights less directly involved victims does invalidate that post. 

Unprosecuted slander is bad. Unprosecuted rape is bad. Please stop arguing that these crimes are somehow at odds."
[deleted]
"Flying from one end of a continent to another and still being in the same country.  Well except for Australia.

**EDIT:  Okay Russia, Canada, and Mexico get it too.**"
"And he hunted for the missing semicolon.  
And then he added a debug statement on line 153.  
Then he screamed profanities.  
And he hunted for the missing semicolon again."
I want other amiibo to unlock a costume that matches the character.
"Would you rather stick a toothpick under your big toenail and kick a wall? 
Or peel your thumbnail off with a fork?"
"Now I know you're a paragon of virtue, redditor. But what percentage of people are not enlightened white liberals like yourself, and still foolishly act lazily, selfishly and tribally? "
[deleted]
tit
You are a true patriot.
"My clarity needs a little work sometimes, and that deficiency coupled with my facetious sense of humor tends to get me in trouble :("
we already need the steam app for trading - linked to phone #
"To all the candidates, what sorts of environmentally-focused actions would you seek to undertake as governor? How high of a priority is environmental protection?"
[deleted]
"Well, to be fair, he almost always dies too so... "
"66.66666666666666666666% chance

2/3rds"
"im looking for more ppl to play with invite me if you would like lvl 40 dk Ipunchbabyz93
"
"I watched it few years ago for a while, then dad smashed my pc and said to never watch wrestling again, I decided to fuck that so I was watching since mid 2015, I wanna catch up now so yeah. I am watching since mankind's debut and I got to the raw after survivor series '96"
Then you could late sub to get a competitive advantage (so the opposing team prepares for the wrong lineup) and just pay the fine. Some of the richer teams could definitely do this.
"Also, the Republic symbol should only be on the right side of Anakin's Interceptor, not both."
"&gt; dweeb

&gt;noun, NORTH AMERICAN, informal:
a boring, studious, or **socially inept person.**

emphasis mine.


I'll take your avoidance of my argument as your concession to it."
"Pingy, the warzone god"
"No, I don't believe so. We have great infrastructure in Denmark includes trains, metros and buses. It's especially good in the capital and surrounding area. They provide an environmentally friendly and efficient way to get around the city and rest of the country."
Is that...tin foil?? ಠ_ಠ
"If you get gromp smite later on, it could be very helpful since you don't have to worry as much about missing Q or W to poison them."
[removed]
"Well, you're not wrong."
"Original discussion was that they would use this trademark to abuse it and create a monopoly of reaction videos

Not... that they have abused their copyright recently on someone who was trying to attack them.

All you did was find proof that they did something bad. Not proof of what the discussion was about. You're more concerned about hating them than having a sound argument.

Prove me more right. "
Alright.  Likely that's the only adjustment I'll make.  Thanks a ton for the advice!
Nono one jump is too easy to predict he needs to be able to dodge shit and fake dodge and all that mind game goodness
"What is it? Please tell. "
Currently the poll on the homepage
[deleted]
"The long ass Mako drives to do more than ""just fill what would otherwise be a pretty short mission"". They also provided a sense of distance to the game, as if you were actually travelling between real locations. In ME2 and 3, every mission starts with you being dropped right into the middle of the action. There's no colonies of people to speak with, no story-based side missions to investigate, and no worlds to explore. You just get dropped into the obligatory chest-high-wall shooting gallery and proceed to shoot up everything in front of you."
I found a higher res picture of his armor [here](http://operationrainfall.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/E3-2014-Destiny-Monster-01.jpg)
[removed]
"Of course, but this question is entirely hypothetical. It isn't going to happen, but what if it did?
"
i love his sarcastic vids like buff the LnL and shit
"Not necessarily, nothing stopping you from making a decent living in Yakuza."
"I totally forgot about his hard missions and cantina, I've decided I will get him, but first I need about 49 more shards for GS 7 *. But all those farm spots will indeed make him quite easy/fast to aquire."
Some bum or crackhead next to apartment complex.  Some asshole stole all of the cds out of my car like it's 1992
"Well, they have it now. :)"
"Plenty of cameras these days can be front facing as well

And that's completely besides the point but whatever"
"Mine do the same! They both tackle me trembling and whimpering and wiggling, but as soon as I acknowledge my mom's dog, he wiggles and then remembers that he resents me and sulks before paying attention again"
Just go to the DCA section of Yesterland. Everything bad from that park is there now. It makes for a fun read.
"Can't wait! Money's ready "
"Can't find an official posted source yet but they announced the winners on the livestream a bit ago. Our team is moving on to the actual construction phase!

Disclaimer: Not on the team myself, but my roommate is so I've been following it."
"Yeah, they grow their entire life so if you keep them in a big enough tank they'll get gigantic. "
Noel missing some bunnies
"Slavery is ethically ok. Just compare the quality of life for the American Negro vs. the African Negro.

One was enslaved, the other wasn't, guess who got the short end of the stick."
https://gyazo.com/1f93862be55d985910abb83a0f1500a8
"They use different muscle groups. Also, widening your grip on your pullups always helps."
Wth is that scale. It makes C9's damage look smaller
I might be interested. Let me find some vector stuff and see if you can quote me. What site do you like to use for plans?
"It's like this:

* The Xemnas of the new org is as described to us in-game the same Xemnas in KH2. And because this is the same person from his perspective he must experience the events of his life linearly, with a beginning and an end.

* We know for a fact Xemnas dies at the World that Never Was. It's happened, we've seen it happen, it needs to happen to bring back the human Xehanort. 

* Xemnas being killed by us in KH3 would then mean that the same person will have been killed twice.

* Which means Xemnas, from his perspective, dies then is somehow alive again to be able to time travel. 

What I can't work out is what the somehow is."
"10% bonus to overload shield boost amount, -15% overload duration bonus. It reps more and cycles faster."
[deleted]
"cops can actually be pretty cool sometimes about weed. You can be sure that he would have smelt it on you 100%, smoking a joint is like the stinkiest activity ever, and anybody you see within a few hours will know pretty much right away, especially in an enclosed space like your truck. The important thing is to be polite and do as they ask."
"A full swing, by a muscular, slightly obese man named Hank"
"
# *DOWNLOAD BOOK ""Zuleika Dobson by Max Beerbohm""  offline get reader book fb2 eng iphone flibusta*


***
## █ ► [**READ** ***Zuleika Dobson by Max Beerbohm***](http://xn--e1agvr0b.xn--j1aef.xn--p1ai/607B?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Zuleika%20Dobson%20by%20Max%20Beerbohm)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Zuleika Dobson by Max Beerbohm***](http://xn--e1agvr0b.xn--j1aef.xn--p1ai/607B?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Zuleika%20Dobson%20by%20Max%20Beerbohm)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Zuleika Dobson by Max Beerbohm***](http://xn--e1agvr0b.xn--j1aef.xn--p1ai/607B?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Zuleika%20Dobson%20by%20Max%20Beerbohm)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**READ** ***Zuleika Dobson by Max Beerbohm***](http://xn--e1agvr0b.xn--j1aef.xn--p1ai/607B?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Zuleika%20Dobson%20by%20Max%20Beerbohm)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Zuleika Dobson by Max Beerbohm***](http://xn--e1agvr0b.xn--j1aef.xn--p1ai/607B?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Zuleika%20Dobson%20by%20Max%20Beerbohm)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Zuleika Dobson by Max Beerbohm***](http://xn--e1agvr0b.xn--j1aef.xn--p1ai/607B?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Zuleika%20Dobson%20by%20Max%20Beerbohm)
***

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description book **Zuleika Dobson by Max Beerbohm**:

&gt;  Zuleika Dobson is a highly accomplished and superbly written book whose spirit is farcical,"" said E. M. Forster. ""It is a great work--the most consistent achievement of fantasy in our time . . . so...

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; . 

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; [ONLINE.. BOOK.. ""The.. Caine.. Mutiny.. by.. Herman.. Wouk"".. .. ipad.. direct.. link.. сhapter.. touch.. english.. format.. android.. italian](https://www.reddit.com/43gdr2),.. [FULL.. BOOK.. ""The.. Making.. of.. Americans.. by.. Gertrude.. Stein"".. .. kickass.. sale.. français.. how.. download.. ios.. mp3.. free.. store](https://www.reddit.com/43gdd5),.. [DOWNLOAD.. BOOK.. ""Scoop.. by.. Evelyn.. Waugh"".. .. english.. ebay.. flibusta.. online.. tablet.. no.. registration.. iphone](https://www.reddit.com/43gdx2),.. [READ.. BOOK.. ""The.. Shadow.. Line.. by.. Joseph.. Conrad"".. .. book.. link.. cheap.. acquire.. without.. registering.. buy.. free](https://www.reddit.com/43gec3),.. [FREE.. BOOK.. ""The.. Golden.. Ass.. Metamorphoses:.. Or.. Metamorphoses.. by.. Apuleius"".. .. story.. touch.. prewiew.. download.. german.. amazon.. without.. signing.. for](https://www.reddit.com/43gdd4),.. [READ.. BOOK.. ""The.. Moonstone.. by.. Wilkie.. Collins"".. .. acquire.. kickass.. without.. signing.. ebook.. eng.. shop.. price.. ebay](https://www.reddit.com/43gdmn),.. [READ.. BOOK.. ""Kallocain.. by.. Karin.. Boye"".. .. pocket.. kindle.. tablet.. touch.. original.. price.. wiki](https://www.reddit.com/43geg0),.. [FREE.. BOOK.. ""The.. Edge.. of.. Sadness.. by.. .. Edwin.. O'Connor"".. .. without.. registering.. download.. view.. shop.. windows.. price.. iBooks](https://www.reddit.com/43gdhx),.. [FREE.. BOOK.. ""Sophie's.. World:.. A.. Novel.. About.. the.. History.. of.. Philosophy.. by.. Jostein.. Gaarder"".. .. spanish.. german.. eng.. epub.. how.. read.. english.. apple](https://www.reddit.com/43gduo),.. [FREE.. BOOK.. ""Legends.. of.. The.. Fall.. by.. Jim.. Harrison"".. .. сhapter.. direct.. link.. acquire.. sale.. doc.. pocket.. touch](https://www.reddit.com/43gdgt),.. [FREE.. BOOK.. ""The.. Bear.. Comes.. Home.. by.. Rafi.. Zabor"".. .. kickass.. find.. online.. read.. no.. registration.. story.. mp3](https://www.reddit.com/43gdha)

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
pdf
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
original 
drawing
zuleika 
dobson 
di 
max 
beerbohm
Max 
Beerbohm 
(Author 
of 
Zuleika 
Dobson) 
- 
Share 
Book
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
whistler
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
memes
Zuleika 
Dobson 
» 
Melville 
House 
Books
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
quotes
Amazon.fr 
- 
Zuleika 
Dobson 
- 
Max 
Beerbohm 
- 
Livres
Zuleika 
Dobson 
must 
be 
one 
of 
the 
strangest 
books 
ever 
written. 
Beerbohm's 
ornate 
prose 
cloaks 
a 
bizarre 
story 
that 
while 
it 
starts 
innocently 
enough 
marches 
toward
Zuleika 
Dobson: 
Max 
Beerbohm: 
9781511773713: 
Amazon.com: 
Books
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
seven
Originally 
published 
in 
1911 
Max 
Beerbohm's 
sparklingly 
wicked 
satire 
concerns 
the 
unlikely 
events 
that 
occur 
when 
a 
femme 
fatale 
briefly 
enters 
the 
supremely
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
biography
Praise. 
Praise 
for 
Zuleika 
Dobson 
and 
Max 
Beerbohm 
“Mr. 
Beerbohm 
in 
his 
way 
is 
perfect 
. 
. 
. 
He 
has 
brought 
personality 
into 
literature 
not 
unconsciously 
and
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
by 
rothenstein
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
rothenstein
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
zuleika
Zuleika 
Dobson: 
Amazon.co.uk: 
Max 
Beerbohm: 
9781605977249
Buy 
Zuleika 
Dobson 
by 
Max 
Beerbohm 
(ISBN: 
9781605977249) 
from 
Amazon's 
Book 
Store. 
Free 
UK 
delivery 
on 
eligible 
orders.
Description 
Zuleika 
Dobson 
full 
title 
Zuleika 
Dobson 
or 
an 
Oxford 
love 
story 
is 
a 
1911 
novel 
by 
Max 
Beerbohm 
a 
satire 
of 
undergraduate 
life 
at 
Oxford.
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
henry
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
books
Zuleika 
Dobson 
by 
Max 
Beerbohm 
| 
9780375752483 
| 
Paperback
Zuleika 
Dobson 
or 
an 
Oxford 
love 
story 
and 
over 
one 
million 
other 
books 
are 
available 
for 
Amazon 
Kindle. 
Learn 
more
zuleika 
dobson 
max 
beerbohm 
summary
""Zuleika 
Dobson"" 
subtitled 
""An 
Oxford 
Love 
Story"" 
was 
written 
by 
Max 
Beerbohm 
in 
1911. 
Though 
Beerbohm 
was 
a 
prolific 
caricaturist 
and 
essayist 
it 
is 
his 
only 
novel
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
caricatures
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
photo
Sir 
Henry 
Maximilian 
""Max"" 
Beerbohm 
was 
an 
English 
essayist 
parodist 
and 
caricaturist.
Zuleika 
Dobson: 
Max 
Beerbohm: 
9781456569686: 
Amazon.com: 
Books
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
art
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
merton
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
sargent
Zuleika 
Dobson 
by 
Max 
Beerbohm 
on 
the 
App 
Store
Zuleika 
Dobson 
Or 
An 
Oxford 
Love 
STory 
Max 
Beerbohm 
With 
an 
Afterword 
by 
Sara 
Lodge 
Part 
of 
The 
Neversink 
Library
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
house
Zuleika 
Dobson 
(Modern 
Library): 
Amazon.co.uk: 
Max
Zuleika 
Dobson 
by 
Max 
Beerbohm 
| 
PenguinRandomHouse.com
Noté 
0.0/5. 
Retrouvez 
Zuleika 
Dobson 
et 
des 
millions 
de 
livres 
en 
stock 
sur 
Amazon.fr. 
Achetez 
neuf 
ou 
d'occasion
zuleika 
dobson 
by 
max 
beerbohm 
wikipedia

&gt; ."
"All 4 races in our system are pretty much crippled. 

The cabal suffered around 50% casualties according to the first Taken king mission. 

The Vex lost their black garden, lost their vault of glass. They had to turn to us to save themselves against the taken assault. 

The fallen have seen every house in the system, except for the kings, suffer massive losses to their leadership. The wolves, devils, and winter are all but annihilated. 

The hive lost everything. 

The only threat left exists outside the system, with two exceptions. . The cabal empire, Oryx's sisters, and possibly the hive god Nokris are potential future threats. But only the kings represent an immediate known threat, and presumably the Vex still hold a stronghold on mercury. 

Hell, even the reef had its leadership decimated. The tower is THE major power in the system. "
"Other videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r43eig2?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Biggest Raid in Rust History? (Raid Cam)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=H3MjSnxP_SM)|[72](https://reddit.com/r/videos/comments/43eig2/_/czhsh2o?context=10#czhsh2o) - This video was on the front page a few days ago. It&amp;#39;s a little different but I found it pretty entertaining too, and I&amp;#39;ve never played Rust.   
[Random Rust Bullshittery](https://youtube.com/watch?v=hR0obigza9c)|[36](https://reddit.com/r/videos/comments/43eig2/_/czhtmlm?context=10#czhtmlm) - Try sovietwomble&amp;#39;s vids   
[Rust - Epic Kills Montage](https://youtube.com/watch?v=F7Riio2SG3w)|[22](https://reddit.com/r/videos/comments/43eig2/_/czifuzd?context=10#czifuzd) - Looking at his other videos, he&amp;#39;s got pretty good aim:  
[Expert Rust Teachings](https://youtube.com/watch?v=MGxB_cDkVK8&amp;t=676s)|[16](https://reddit.com/r/videos/comments/43eig2/_/czi9t8k?context=10#czi9t8k) -     Edit:   this is my favourite 
[Random Rust Bullshittery (part 2)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dD-bJaDIESs&amp;t=676s)|[13](https://reddit.com/r/videos/comments/43eig2/_/czi400l?context=10#czi400l) - Have you seen Soviet Wombles one? It&amp;#39;s pretty glorious 
[BAD BAD BAD](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Zvj717lf0bk)|[6](https://reddit.com/r/videos/comments/43eig2/_/czi42vo?context=10#czi42vo) - That song is bad 
[BowMaster Daniels](https://youtube.com/watch?v=ssr1PMSNvwk)|[4](https://reddit.com/r/videos/comments/43eig2/_/czid4l2?context=10#czid4l2) - Bowmaster daniels  
[Meet Alex - DayZ Standalone](https://youtube.com/watch?v=byMbxDwcSPY)|[4](https://reddit.com/r/videos/comments/43eig2/_/cziggcz?context=10#cziggcz) - If you&amp;#39;re after funny/trolling videos then DanielfromSL is one of the best:    There&amp;#39;s also BYZE:   And for some cinematic/roleplay nobody beats MrMoon: They are long videos but the guy (IMHO) is fantastic and does these so well. I es...
[That Fine Bitch](https://youtube.com/watch?v=ThJ_opfKcfM)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/videos/comments/43eig2/_/czjinb7?context=10#czjinb7) - Is this the same guy that made this video in 2010. Sounds EXACTLY the same...     
[FEEDING TIME AT THE ZOO - Rust: Grief or be Griefed  13 ](https://youtube.com/watch?v=gWjM4LSqJj4&amp;t=152s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/videos/comments/43eig2/_/czikrt6?context=10#czikrt6) - Daniel is great!  I also like Faceless videos, especially the Griefing.  Checking out the petting zoo.   =)   
[Rust - Funny Moments #1](https://youtube.com/watch?v=ref3LSINSb8)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/videos/comments/43eig2/_/czi94dz?context=10#czi94dz) - This guy has some great ones 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Play All](http://sbtl.tv/_r43eig2?feature=playlist&amp;ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)"
"What a Bard played by Matt, really impressive ! 

Anyway, I was a bit disappointed by NRG but TL playes better. "
Why?
[removed]
"I lost my keys and someone brought it to the gym I was a member of. The only use of that membership so far. "
Second video song?
[deleted]
"To be fair [spoilers] (/s "" they thought it was the link between man and monkey then a dude found the fully exposed corpse. Realized that it was definetly not it and then died with it and showed that it was actually a god..."")"
"I've never seen anyone consistently use double ' instead of single "" to create quotations before."
"You're right, Rush out jungled Sven. But Sven was way more useful in team fights. Rush out farmed Sven and did nothing with it. "
"&gt;Your post implied,  
  
no you implied that, i didn't bring up Nvidia fanboys at all, i simply stated facts. 
  
&gt;That is simply ridiculous and hence you were showered in, quite deserved, downvotes.  
  
for suggesting AMD put work into tessellation.   
  
yes how dare i do such a heinous crime, i should have never dared question the mighty AMD.   
  
&gt;There is really nothing more to it.  
  
so you think people who suggest that AMD should try to improve their cards deserve to be downvoted, i think you just proved my point. 

  
 "
Save this post in case you ever doubt your decision. Which is to gtfo. Now.
"Until they remove their 10k song limit I'll never use Spotify. "
"That's the one.

Squadmates are inaccurate making shotguns and single shot snipers fairly meh.

Steady damage from ARs and Snipers is where they can do some good."
"This is really up to you. There are tons of ""good"" fields to pursue, but you shouldn't just pick one out from our comments and say ""that sounds cool!"". I have way too many friends who went to college for programs that sounded cool or made good money, and they ended up hating thier degree and hating thier job. Look at your hobbies, your passions, your thoughts, and find something that you won't get tired of. The money will come, there are many ways to make money in each field, but I would rather pick my happiness and little money than lots of money and little happiness. Hopefully that makes sense, good luck!"
Aladdin was my first one too! We went as a school trip I think I was about 5 at the time.
"Where'd did you get it? 

"
[removed]
[deleted]
I started drawing people a year ago but I always draw monsters and creatures way before.
Just make it in my brain so I dont have to move around
"I have mixed feelings about this.  
I consider it a huge exploit, being able to use 178 gear on a lowly alt.  
It's definitely not working as intended, and I would think twice before using it.  
I'm sure you most likely won't get banned, but the Level 60 token recycling thing does irk me a bit, since purposefully deleting a 60 char token and remaking just to send alts 178 gear is kind of gray in my books."
"Checking.....
Nope, still no shits in stock.
Would you like to be informed when they are back in stock and I could give a shit?
"
"&gt;If you liked this post don't forget to check my website where I post them up all the time at www.diyordievaping.com[1]

You have no shame. ( ͡ಠ ʖ̯ ͡ಠ)"
KEK?
$0.01 on Carly
"First, make sure your SJW is legit, because at least half of them are now proven to be onion powder or similar shit. Google 'Perika', buy that.

I'd suggest taking one of those a day for a week. Then increasing to two a day if you feel it's needed, and then max out at 3 a week or two later.

I find one a day is sufficient."
&gt; fucking
Thanks for the info! I'm not in a position to at the moment but probably by Friday I can come back here and give you gold. For ALL the work that you do :)
"Almost like it was intentional "
"IIRC Quite a few sports were invented in America including Baseball, Basketball, American Football, Skateboarding, etc.. Also, Blues Music originated in America. "
[removed]
Probably a tie between all the ones I had when I was a little kid that involved me humping a banister.
They're RICO acting him for his ties to SAMCRO
"/pol/, /r/SandersforPresident, and /r/politics are going to be crazy on Monday. If both Clinton and Rubio's last minute 'surges' are real, they wouldn't have been caught that well with this poll since it was conducted from 1/26-1/29 and the 'surge' was really only starting yesterday for Rubio and Thursday for Clinton. "
"Some of my deepest relationships were with burgers. "
You had one experience buddy. Experiment- take notes. One experience does not mean much- there are many variables. Etc. Have a nice day.
"That stings DJGrizzlyBear. 

It's true, but still."
"I would sooner than later. EVII 20 characters have double damage vs similar health in mp. "
"I got this about a month ago, is it a bad deal? Or was the cringe mainly directed at the cable management?"
i need a group with pro strats. im hc as fuck
You're soooo fucking cute! I just want to run my fingers through your fur all night long...
"&gt;using the brand in the title of a post shaming branding

Congratulations, you played yourself."
Virus detected
"I can't find your pokemon. Please check to see if it got traded and whether or not the Ditto you got matches one of ours. (The right-hand side bar has a list of our Dittos). If it's not one of this subreddit's, put up a new unpopular Pokemon like **Whismur, Tentacool, Taillow, Pidgey, Poochyena, or Flabebe**, and update us with the new information. If it *is* still up on the GTS, please take it off and put it back up again so it'll be at the front of the queue. Make sure to ask for a Ditto **lv 91-100** and to [use the correct reply link](http://i.imgur.com/9T1M30Y.png) at the **bottom-right** of my comment or I won't see your response."
"[70723-1: Thunder Raider](http://brickset.com/sets/70723-1) [[Photo]](http://images.brickset.com/sets/images/70723-1.jpg)
"
"Was there always	second camera at front"
"&gt;Fetal ultrasound is perfectly safe and they're routinely done all over the world. 

And all over the world there's a massive increase in autism.

"
"Except if you're at 100% throttle, the star does NOT slow you down to 1C. In many cases, A is faster."
"It says three on the group creation  page,  doesn't it?"
Johnny Jones fucking sucks. Blowing a 14 point lead is ridiculous.
"I just figure she's a former addict and is on that ""make amends"" step of the program. Dude is totally not helping her by not letting her apologize for her past actions."
"It's going to be interesting to see if teams adjust by bodying him up at/near the 3 line in rebound situations. 
Might lead to a trickle down leading to more fastbreaks/higher team d-reb percentage. 

Basically, I love that Porzingis changes the game just by being on the court. He does a combination of things that almost no other players have the ability to do. "
"Where are you from, son?"
That's a pretty liberal use if the word amazing...
It's the new Silverback Gorilla/4chan shrek/fad
"It's mostly still just dongers, energy crystals, and Wild Wild West.

Unless Josh is on the NLSS, then it's incorrect names of Isaac objects."
"move through the water. any basic stroke will do

prone float. float facedown as long as you can

if you havent been off a high dive, you might want to try that too
"
"My name isn't Dora, but it *rhymes* with Dora, so I get ""[my name] the Explorer!"" *all* *the* ***[expletive redacted]*** *time* as a grown-ass adult. People think it's cute when they say it, like they're the first ones who've ever come up with that joke.

Pick a name that nicknames to Dora, if you want, but I wouldn't go with Dora."
By not making yet another thread about improving the pro bowl.
Definetly not Texas or arizona
I don't think you can do this if you're [solving the environment puzzle](/spoiler)
I feel the math is strong in this one.....
"It is interesting though to think about how on the one hand one can say thoughts are not bad, yet on the other hand let them go, return forcus, etc. I don't know if people realize that in order to let something go it must first be allowed to stay because otherwise the thoughts can be forced out. Yet.... there is a subtle balance between allowing a thought to be versus indulging in it. The balance of letting things go is an ongoing journey. You seem to have realized that there is a balance in being more allowing of thoughts. Now I think you'll have to eventually find a new balance where you are careful not to quickly write off or label thoughts, but instead just listen with an open heart and awareness. I think done correctly, the mind can settle on its own accord through delicate balance.

Yay i love random downvote drive by shootings. Now I remember why I don't waste my time with this lol"
"I'm not too worried.

Polls don't include Republicans and others who are voting Democratic for the first time. Just keep phonebanking and donating."
"*she moves a little closer to you while still watching the sunset* "
That's just how we speak in Toronto. Sometimes when we talk we have a little accent
"Not only Vienna, but another one of the larger Austrian cities, Linz, was also split between the Russians and the Allies by virtue of the Russians closing down the bridges over the river that divides the city. 

Linz was also one of the five Führer cities along with Berlin, Hamburg, Nurenberg and Munich and Hitler planned to make the city one of the focal points of his empire despite it being comaratively small back then. Among other things he wanted to build a museum to display the art stolen/bought/acquired throughout WWII. The project was never realized and what apparently (didn't know that) remains today of the project is the [Nibelungen Bridge](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/da/Linz_Nibelungenbr%C3%BCcke_und_Br%C3%BCckenkopfgeb%C3%A4ude.jpg)

The two light blue blocks are also remains of the Nazi regime, one is today at least partially university.

As to Vienna, there is actually very little clearly visible evidence remaining from the Nazi regime, most visible a couple of flak towers located in the very center of Vienna, and one is actually very close to where I live: [1](http://farm8.static.flickr.com/7261/7027041383_9c67c69346.jpg)
[2](http://www.haus-des-meeres.at/cxdata/media/geschichte/weiner_01_body_bild_409.jpg)

Nowadays it serves as a museum and you can visit the very top and have a great view there. Interestingly enough, the air shelter below it, which now contains a torture museum, was  a youth hostel in the 1950s and 60s."
"Well, it's an important one, and I couldn't agree more, it's been way too limited. "
"Bodie is my pick. If you haven't finished, just wait. 

Bodie went from probably my least favorite character, and ended up being easily one of my favorites. 

""You're a solider Bodie"" ""Hell yeah"""
A penis.
What did they do?
"I think that ""real"" blackheads are drier and as they dry they end up glued to the pore walls. That's why DrSandraLee has to mash on them with her comedone extractor. 

These are sebum plugs, which is the main lubricant for our skin, so they are on the slippery side."
Looks yummy!
"Thank you for noticing! We spent like an hour dusting, sweeping, etc. before taking these pics. ;)"
"yeah, 9.2 isn't supposed to show that message... I think you may be running frankenfirmware (partial downgrade).

Are you able to run homebrew in any way? You should run [downgrade_check](https://github.com/svanheulen/downgrade_check) and see. What does the version number in System Settings show? If any of the two shows that your 3DS has been partially downgraded, you should buy a game on [this list](https://www.reddit.com/r/3dshacks/comments/42dxtq/list_of_games_that_can_be_used_to_recover_from_a/) so you can restore your 3DS to a stable but still downgrade-able firmware."
"but can't ppl manipulate those archives as well?  

sorry im not versed in this sorta stuff.  im just concerned how the illuminati will use these things to manipulate the sheep.  "
"Cleveland  is having a recent boom in tech and [slate did a good article on why they should be moving here](http://www.slate.com/articles/technology/the_next_silicon_valley/2013/12/move_silicon_valley_america_needs_a_tech_hub_in_a_place_where_it_s_welcome.html) and our gun laws are fantastic. CCW reciprocity, can carry in liquor establishments, open carry, 2 hour class for CCW, State Government is working on Constitutional carry and Ohio is home to a few good manufacturers, Henry, Ithica, and Hi-point (go ahead and laugh) but we are a very pro gun state. Low real estate, low fuel prices, rich in food and manufacturing.   "
Clearly sugar drunk
This haha. Most people won't understand this quote properly
[deleted]
"Love isn't something that is conditional.   

Keeping it a secret doesn't make anyone feel better.  
If the other person doesn't love you back, that's ok -- your love for them shouldn't change based on just that.   Sure, it becomes time to move on and love someone that you can have a future with but you don't just shut off your feelings for that person.  
"
"Damn posting on reddit was cool until now... "
[deleted]
"I think that depends on how they win. If they both show up way overweight and out-of-shape and just slap each other all night with sloppy haymakers, then no. That almost definitely won't happen, but we'll have to wait to see how sharp they each look on fight night. A spectacular performance from either would definitely push him up the p4p list, especially for ward who is coming up in weight.

Whoever ends up being p4p #1 has to look sensational to claim that title."
"I never thought that escort missions could be good. But, this game makes them work well."
"Wank, then go through my Steam routine of games."
It's insane. The thought that someone could be trapped without being able to communicate gives me anxiety.
"Severely, *SEVERELY*, disappointed with the gnomes.  Especially the early inclusion of Slanter. "
"I'd be curious to see these stats for Russia as well. As a matter of fact there's even a Russian proverb that goes ""if he beats you that means he loves you""."
"I had the same reaction initially. An upgrade gets you the night mode. That and changing the font made it tolerable. 
[Image](http://i.imgur.com/jWrht2g.jpg)

And, it's much faster than AB. "
"How are you planning on dealing with the day when the ""look of disapproval"" is in the title of a serious scientific paper?"
That looks like the opponent recovers before you do?
thank mr trotsky
"EL PRESIDENTE! "
Holy fuck that is hot. I think we'll need even more!
"I use it, every day. Because I'm an all-star."
"A Certain Magical Bizarre Adventure, starring Kamijo Jouma. The Deep Blood chick would probably have a significantly more expanded role."
So incredibly specific locations surrounding major tech centers?
"would you say it's worth it though? "
Honestly the laser should be invisible anyway. Make people actually look for the trap's housing.
Higurashi and Death note are the closest I can think of
"Well, animals are lower than humans. We use them to advance the human race. As long as it's not painful for the rat, it should be fine.

The rat is honored to have a human ear growing on his back."
"I'm on prozac, wellbutrin, and abilify. It's more for my mdd, but I'm hanging in there."
Toph and metal statue of Toph OTP
"&gt;[**CS:GO de_dust, de_dust2 on CS:S | IMPERIA Classic Server [1:08]**](http://youtu.be/9-jZqiQFiVE)

&gt;&gt;A ported version of the Counter-Strike: Global Offensive ""de_dust"" and ""de_dust2"" on Counter-Strike: Source.

&gt; [*^imperiaportal*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIA8Qz-Bqp3nqgPz0xMcFSg) ^in ^Gaming

&gt;*^800 ^views ^since ^Jan ^2012*

[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)"
Did you meet any cool people in hospital?
"TFW you wake up 5 minutes after the cut off for Sindroome's running order contest
"
A movie that features a German terrorist falling from a Japanese building in a city with a Spanish name on land that used to belong to Mexico on a holiday that celebrates the birth of a Jew.
I would start with air around the affected areas then perhaps see if I could pull electronic cleaning wipes in and out of the crevices. And finally I would try and take it apart (with care) and carefully use blasts of airs among the inner components.
"Amazing! Thanks so much. I found Dr Anderson. There was even a power armor locked behind a terminal I found on the way :) "
You die. You don't experience blackness. You don't even experience nothing. You don't experience. Because there is no you.
"This is how I was understanding it as well, but recently I watched a few YouTube reviews describing Mod and Arm as having some slightly different effects; for example, one producing a more ""creative"" and ""social"" edge, and the other a more ""focused"" edge.  That got me thinking a combo might be cool, to get the best from each, albeit small differences."
"You can see it in the dark. Just not in ambient mode.

What's cool is it doesn't need a backlight on in Ambient mode so it uses way less power and is super visible in direct sunlight."
"Depends, you could use a 1 second alteration spell to train then use dorian for infinite gold. Then you could make the spell, but it would still require a set level of magicka. Getting the key is waay easier, though."
"Seriously, he was the most memorable part last year during the draft"
"&gt; My husband and I try to talk about lots of hypotheticals

What would you do if your husband was kidnapped by ninjas?"
Wow. Just wow.
"No, i only play capcom fighters. And only other capcom games."
"Of course it's legal to pursue and detain a thief. 

You can't use *excessive force* when detaining a thief, but you can pursue and detain a thief for a *reasonable amount of time*.

While I was watching the two black men tackle the white man, I noticed the black men did not strike the white man. They were trying to get ahold of and control of the white man. I didn't see excessive force being used. That gave me pause. Tackle may be the wrong word if it means force to the ground. The white man did end up on the ground but only because of his struggle to free himself from the hands of the two black guys; the black guys were't trying to put him on the ground. Once they got control of him they didn't verbally threaten him or take anything from him. So I kept watching. When they took him into the store I had good reason to assume he was safe from harm and the justice system would sort it all out."
"You fucking filthy casual.  The Tec-9 was the new hotness 20+ years ago, when ""clip"" was in full force.  ""Clipazine"" is a Gunnit construct, and as such is 6-7 years old at best.  

Etymology, mah'fucka'.  Do you have it? "
"My daughter is 7, she never cut herself, but from maybe age 4 1/2 -  6 1/2 she had a horrible habit of picking any little scab she had until it bled. That meant any bug bite was going to be a wound after a few days. I kept them clean, we all asked her not to scratch, asked why she did it, etc. Never got much of an answer. She also has ADHD and bio dad is absent. My husband is her father. Anyhow, she scratched and I had a feeling it was stress, but couldn't figure out how to mitigate it.  Finally we came to the conclusion that yeah, it was low self-esteem, was doing poorly in school,  her dancing showed no improvement, and she was constantly in trouble at home for doing really dumb things. She is at a good private Montessori school, but I'm not sure the teacher she had was a good fit, or maybe it's my fault and I didn't help her enough, I don't know.  But she basically fucked up totally in school those years. Reading, writing, math, all stagnant. Last summer my mom and I made a huge effort to spend a couple of hours a day working with her on school subjects. Her writing and reading improved, and she knew it. She'd been bemoaning that she didn't know why she seems to do everything wrong, but she thought it was too late. I sat her down and told her it was never too late. She had the ability to make an effort, and it would show. Well, armed with improved reading and writing skills and an improved relationship between us where she is expressing herself moreshe went back to school, and she is killing it, and she knows it. The scratching has completely stopped. Her grades are up her teacher is ""so happy with her she doesn't have words"",  and she's being great at home. Also, we moved a while back, got some chickens, a dog and a big back yard. I know that has helped. Sorry for the wall of text. I have food poisoning and haven't really gotten out of bed since last night. Good luck! "
"Cake was made by her grandmother, who has taken to recent cake baking/decoration."
Wait so why is that your name? Are you like a masochist?
"really not much of a jump from Skepta/section, I'm not surprised "
"Starship Troopers. I guarantee even in 2015 people still won't get the satire in that movie. "
"IGN: navy676aw

Text: Optimus Prime "
[deleted]
He thinks it's being done in some made up conspiracy to hide the gifs. It's more like we are tired of people not googling shit and taking things on face value no matter how butchered the context is.
"I think what they mean is that avoiding eating meat and animal-based products is the most environmentally responsible dietary method. We can survive and thrive without animal-based products, so even though myself and others still eat dairy, meat, etc. it's without question that if everyone were vegan, we would be living in a far more sustainable (and probably compassionate) way. "
"I play on all three servers (mainly na/eu) and I think you just got some bad luck. As much as we all love a good eu vs na circlejerk, in my experience there are just as many scumbags on either server. "
Back to silver for me. I just like running into helicopters and Sig spam I guess.
[Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gLKTEoWLdA&amp;ab_channel=Yoora13)
"I would recommend checking out Aerie. They do only sell 30 bands online, but the upside is their website has sales like every month. 

We can give you more specific recommendations (specific bras to try) if you measure yourself according to the instructions in the [beginner's guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/ABraThatFits/wiki/beginners_guide)."
"Apparently it's called something along the lines of ""Lava Red"". "
"[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/supremeclothing/comments/43gpjp/fs_large_fbi_pullover_and_2014_tees/) by /u/DaysInTime in /r/supremeclothing "
"I hope we draft a punter in the 7th round too. It was hard to watch our ST this year. "
"Screenshot or it didn't happen.

Are you especially photogenic? Or why would they put a redditor in a photo gallery hehehe."
[removed]
"It looks like you're trying to start a conversation.  Please make a new post and include your thoughts in the text portion of your post.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/books) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
This was so... Good. It's like a mix of theatre and TV. Damn this was so entertaining. Well worth the $5
I bought you're other ep to get me by haha
"I would agree with you, but they don't line up and close that easily anymore. "
"This exactly why I get a scan receipt when dropping of at USPS. Their tracking system sucks and often does not show it in their possession. If I have a receipt, I can prove they had it. Without one, they argue that I never dropped it off. 

As far as ebay, they do not care why the packages didn't get to your customer. They will require you to refund each one."
"Ah yeah, I've actually used this before with Remand, which is probably the most common use of that little quirk lol."
Most of the sensitive stuff is shipped by rail anyways.
"""the legend that lets you discard lands"" is enough to clearly identify the right borborygmos, in fact"
[deleted]
"If someone has to have sex to survive, they're being coerced into it and it probably counts as rape. I thought we were talking about people who do it because they like the work?"
"https://www.reddit.com/r/TokyoGhoul/wiki/index#wiki_what_are_the_rules_.26_spoiler_policies_for_.2Fr.2Ftokyoghoul.3F

Please read the rules there.

&gt; No spoilers in titles for either anime or manga."
"Lol, it was supposed to be AfternoonPotato but that was too long for something and it was cut off at AfternoonPot. I liked it so much I kept it!"
"I remember in math learning that if for any number, if you add each digit as an intiger, one to the other, and that  sum is divisible by 3, then the original number is as well. Also, if it's an even number it's also divisible by 6. This could be the significance of the 36 in the circles, 3 and 6, and adding the digits of 59 and 95, both equal 14, not divisible by 3 either way.  

Likewise if two digit numbers add up to 9, they are divisble by 9. which is also show. Some of the figures don't make sense, but i'm sure it's all similar tricks."
"err, the two motherboards you linked are Z97 boards for Haswell CPUs. Anyway, the differences in onboard audio between motherboards are small and can never match the sound quality of a dedicated sound card. Since you do this on a somewhat professional level, I'd recommend a dedicated sound card.

AMD chips are currently far inferior to Intel's. There's a thread from a week ago explaining this. https://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/3zxj5z/discussion_amd_vs_intel_a_more_indepth_look_at/"
Nothing wrong with this! Adorable!
"House of The Devil.
The Descent.
The Conjuring.
Poltergeist (1982).
Alien.
Halloween.
It Follows.
The Thing (1982)."
wait sicario wasnt nominated at all?! what the fuck that was like my favorite movie this past year
yes that is perfect.  THANK YOU !!!!!!
Pretty sure that line is around 450million.
Parise 2.0
"Vikings had already visited the Americas, and so have the Chinese. I think Columbus was just the only DOCUMENTED one."
hey asiangirlsloveanal2 i got a bbc for you.it may help change your views of black people.
"Pretty much pointless considering the fact that the only people who reach highest ranks have all the cards already. "
"Wait, I thought it took the mana cost of both Q and W, which would be 140 mana, right?

Also I hadn't really thought about the siege minions, that sounds like a really useful interaction."
Ditto!
"Don't know what either of what are?

It's basic deduction, even if you can't define mutual fund its different than buying just one of something, are you serious?


Edit: if y'all niggers are actually that retarded then yes, my generation is doomed.

I'm whiter then you can be, fuck off and die."
[removed]
"&gt; windows 10 is completely different

Nothing is ever 'completely different' in software. Windows 10 carries forward the same NT/Win32 codebase that was initially released as Windows NT 3.1, back in 1993. 

Most of the core plumbing has been carried over since then, with major revisions every few releases. Since then, Windows Vista has been the biggest revision of NT - bringing in a bunch of dramatic changes all through the OS. The kernel was segmented off to become MinWin. A brand new driver model, network stacks, audio stack, and access control mechanism in the form of UAC, Full-drive encryption support - all were introduced in Vista and have been carried over to 7, 8 and 10 with minor revisions. 

Windows 8 Added a completely new Windows API - an alternative to Win32 - called Window Runtime or WinRT or Metro/Modern/WindowsStore. MS has been trying to push this on everyone, but every sane app developer still uses the same old Win32 API.

So when you look at the Win32 functionality between 10 and 7, there have been very few changes. Except, 10 now has support for the latest and greatest DirectX version and every app/game developer and their mother now is targetting 10.

Hope that sheds some light on Windows history."
"In that case let's bring a number of BBQ lighters as well. "
"If he's not making their bench, send him on. Simple. "
"I agree but I was responding to:

&gt; Neither team has a better QB than a Joe Flacco lite **right now.**

"
What did I just read?
I've heard you can play through this entire game without ever fighting anything if you build your character right
"&gt; Gun owners, how many different ways and/or times does President Obama have to say that he doesn't want to take your guns away? Is there a specific way he needs to say it? Because if there is, then just tell him and I'm betting he will hold a press conference immediately and say it that way.

I would like him to explain exactly what he thinks the difference is between Australia's ""very severe, tough gun laws"" and ""coming for your guns""."
"I will try to help you out now then! "
I didn't know you could trace an IP to a home address. Town/City sure but a specific house?
"Mod ping detected, calling upon mods /u/CEO_of_Breeding , /u/PhoenixGamer , /u/heckyeam8

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/WorldWarPowers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Very nice park. Good to see something different in the parks section.
"Yeah I definitely see what you mean. 

I would suggest playing 3 before 4, you'll appreciate the story of 4 more. Both games are incredible though! "
"Hard to find fault with Walker on this issue.  He has been consistent in his practice with regard to pardoning convicts.  He is also correct that Avery had his day in court, has gone through the various levels of appeal and his conviction still stands. Further, Avery had what most convicted murderers who claim innocence never had -- exceedingly competent counsel.  Take issue with the jury that they got it wrong or with the prosecutors and police for botching the investigation or framing Avery (I am of a mind that guilty or not, the police planted evidence), but don't lay this at the feet of Walker."
Um...just tell her not to come? I'm not sure what's so complicated about this.
"It's definitely not a good comparison. You all seem to be forgetting you're on a drug related subreddit though. The average person who walks in to a head shop isn't going to have as much experience as people here do so acid is the go to drug to compare Salvia to. 

""Extremely strong hallucinogen with disassociatives properties"" would probably have been best. "
"Even if a member of the military doesn't get a testicle shot or blown off, he can still get an extra one attached so he can always be ballin'."
"Is it on the Android version? "
"And 4x most wanted for the Pirates. "
14 game misconducts for leaving the bench.
"1. I want to clean up my pirouettes. I'm aiming for clean and controlled singles and relatively consistent doubles this year. On flat. I haven't even started thinking about pirouettes en pointe yet. 

2. I want to improve extensions. To at least a comfortable 90 degrees in all directions. 

3. I want to get more confidence with my pointe work. This one isn't as well defined yet, since I haven't spent a lot of time in my shoes yet. I just want to not be scared I guess. "
"i got u fam, hook me up?"
In which respect?
Hill just casually walked under the basket and no Rocket manned him up
"With all things German you have to pay to play. Guns, Cars, Women...it doesn't matter.

I had a local leather shop custom make me a holster. Almost $150 but it's exactly what I wanted."
I know them. They aren't fake. Two great people.
I'm pretty sure OP isn't talking about the players but the fans.
"down by 6 with 3:30 to go. "
That is fucking hilarious.
"*He walked in, sighing.*  
  
""Where are you from?"""
Well not doing a daily quest you don't like permanently reduces the number of daily quests you have access to by 1.
Still has nothing to do with Ashton kutcher
Too many chems..
"ignoring the fact that that's a different point than I even argued with in the first place. 

&gt;I'm not sure how lottery numbers are generated but I doubt that they're fair

is like literally the worst basis for an argument that there is"
"Rx8. Gotta love it. Sometimes I'm tempted to buy another rx8 to turn into an itasha like that, but then I remember that cars cost money."
"Is going through an anger phase a ""rule""? If it is, then yes, I am an exception, But I try not to jump to conclusions or assume I am a special snowflake. I was the same textbook beta bitch as most guys are before TRP. That's why I'm asking."
"I hope you meant the title to be a pun. If not, I got some amusement out of it anyway :)"
You have my thanks.
"What Eole said. Core's name only counts as ""Cyber Dragon"" while it's on the field or graveyard. It doesn't say it's named ""Cyber Dragon"" in the deck (compare to all the Harpie Lady cards). So in this case, you can only summon the original Cyber Dragon from the deck. (or alternate art if you like but I prefer OG brightly lit Cyber Dragon)"
[deleted]
Pm sent
"Shia LaBeouf.

Back in 2001, actor Louis Stevens was just an up-and-coming child star on the Disney Channel. It was manufactured stardom (of the sort that we've seen from entities like Britney Spears or Justin Timberlake), but it had the potential to go a long way. Stevens, however, had other ideas, so he invented the persona of ""Shia LeBeouf."" He chose the name because it means ""praise god for the beef"" in the original Gaulish, and his stated intention with the character was to have it be a caricature of fame (with meat or ""the beef"" being a representation of both wealth and influence).

Other actors have done similar things, of course. Everyone is familiar with Sacha Baren Cohen's ""Ali G"" or ""Borat,"" for instance, and surprisingly few people realize that ""Larry the Cable Guy"" is a character played by Daniel Whitney (who developed the fake Southern accent he uses by meshing the Georgian and Texan accents of his college roommates). The thing is, there's still plenty of available evidence for those folks' real identities. When Stevens created Shia LeBeouf, however, he went as far as to hire ""reputation editors"" and public image consultants to erase any hints of who he really is. In fact, if you were to research ""Louis Stevens"" nowadays, you'd actually find references to him being a character played by Shia LeBeouf.

It's an incredibly subtle piece of meta-commentary, I'm sure you'll agree.

Anyway, in recent years, the Internet has helped keep ""Shia LeBeouf"" alive in ways that Stevens couldn't have predicted. While it's true that he has been credited as the character in everything he has done since adopting the pseudonym, the vast amount of media dedicated to the fabricated entity has done far, far more. For example, many people like to reference the song about Shia LeBeouf, sung by Rob Cantor, in which a standard day in the fictional actor's life is detailed, or the infamous ""Just do it!"" clip that went viral earlier this year.

Stevens has recently stated that he might retire the character soon, of course, but for now... the people who realize that ""Shia LeBeouf"" is a lie created by an actor (and expanded by the Internet) are in the significant minority.

TL;DR: ""Shia LeBeouf"" is not a real person, but the Internet has convinced you that he is."
"Agreed, but with the (highly) possibility of Bony being sold especially with all the rumours, it would be nice to have 3 quality forwards. Though, I do want more of an Aguero and Iheanacho start together similar to last game.

I guess I'm on the fence, as I'd like to have quality nonstop, however want our young ones like Iheanacho to get play time and improve."
"Fatburger, and that should answer both questions."
"Hey, you can apply to Sabotage if you want :) we're a group of veteran bera players. Some of us have a lot of knowledge and can help you out with a lot ! "
[deleted]
"Make a list of 25 things to do besides eat. Then do those things. Most things in my list require some degree of focus which makes me forget about the cravings 99% of the time. If the list doesn't work and I still have cravings and am truly(not emotionally) hungry I eat a meal(keto of course). "
epic meme
"You should familiarize yourself with [Christian Reconstructionism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_Reconstructionism), Theonomy and Dominionism before you start throwing around 'the Other Person's Faith is Violent and Theocratic' bullshit.

Extremes abound in any shitty faith you care to name. There are *militant buddhists*, FFS. Time to narrow your brush and relax your pointing finger."
Sounds like Google Fi.
[removed]
"Talk about the deck. Card choices, notable exclusions, matchups, why this over another deck? Why only 3 colors? Why is this a better tempo deck than Dark Jeskai or a better aggro deck than Atarka red? What do your lands look like? Why do you have an x cost spell with 23 lands? Straight form the sidebar: ""post more than 75 cards and a ""please critique"" plea"""
My eyes closed
"No I didn't know that.. Yea I didn't bring all the threat levels down, get all of the scrap, talk to all the people, etc either. I did enough to unlock what I wanted."
"circle radar = 1994
rectangle = 2016"
What safe space? how is this place a safe space for anybody?
"so what, I guessed 34-10. We know nothing really. It's always a guess"
"That's irish democracy for you.  He couldn't give you an answer or he would be kicked out of the party. "
"You're okay with human exploitation/oppression, consumerism and other ecological disasters?"
CGPGrey
"I dunno, could've been to prepare a 5-star quality steak dinner."
"California has a new law which requires that chickens be raised more humanely. This is a reason for the higher egg prices.

There was a storm last week that killed 35k cows. This is causing a spike in dairy prices.

Berry prices are always fluctuating. I regularly bought berries in Ohio and Minnesota and they were sometimes expensive, sometimes cheap. Same in California."
"Yeah in hindsight he said that and he shouldnt have left the company too. "
Can you swim?
"&gt;Currently, the only headsets that run content from the Oculus Store are Samsung's GearVR and the Rift. If and when other headsets come out in the future, and if and when the companies making those headsets allow us to support them, you might see wider support, but we have to focus on launching our own products right now.

Does this mean developers currently making Oculus (Store) Exclusives will be allowed to port their games to other VR-SDKs when they are eventually supported by your store?"
"Hahahah, I appreciate your commitment to this, omg. You're very welcome!"
Yea I know. Marth was my main in Melee and Brawl
"I don't think either of the brothers' names was ""hilarious."""
The NPA will be negotiating with drug producers. I'm sure retailers negotiate buying prices with suppliers.
"three questions:
So as someone who has been around as long as you have, did you ever imagine what things would be like in the future(aka now), and if so, where any of your predictions right?
Secondly, I would like to know if it was hard adjusting to new technology especially now considering how fast things are moving and what helped you to learn.
Last, I would really like to know if you ever plan on writing an autobiography.
Thank you for reaching out to the people of Reddit. Hope to see you in the years to come :)"
"It seemed like they wanted to just advance the story and get to Alexandria already. Having her hang herself would be a whole arc we would have had to see her overcome, which would have been complicated and exhausting while trying to assimilate into Alexandria. "
down by we suck with we suck to go
"Fixed the flair, forgot there was a discussion flair. Also the rank means something to me cause I'm not going to improve by playing vs people that are worse than me. I'd rather be in LE where there are more skilled players."
"but I want to watch it. And Summer Split? It is winter, is it called that because LCS actually begins in summer?"
"nice. "
"HA I HAVE PROOF NOW! /u/XXXCHECKMATE, **YOU** APPROVED THE COMMENT AFTER I REMOVED IT, WHICH PROVES YOU ARE THIS STUPID FUCKING BOT!"
Grant Gustin?!
"Well, we found out the answer to that."
"Twin towers lineup with Russ, Dion and KD on the break and taking outlet passes?? This could be special"
Was it nightshades?
"I like how you see them from far away.  It's like looking at sasquatch in some old tape.  I can picture the SS looking at Nick and saying, "" No one will ever believe us."""
"Libertarians aren't against big businesses. They're against corporate welfare and bailouts. For example, the bank and auto bailouts, and the over 500 million given to Solyndra. On top of this, Bernie Sanders' solution to ""big business"" is extreme tax hikes and bigger government. Sanders won't draw libertarians to vote for him. Libertarian socialist is an oxymoron, by the way."
"I love how Roy is touted as not giving a fuck, when in reality he's just a really poor loser. I mean, pulling your goalie with 11 min is rage quitting, let's all be honest "
[deleted]
"&gt; If we can take Iowa and NH, we could be looking at another political upset.

that's exactly what's going to happen"
"The nets pick allow us to not tank, that's the whole point of having those picks. I just hope ainge is gonna trade for better players. The team as of now isn't really constructed to be better than .500."
"It's the best I've seen the team since '05, where they were leading against the Steelers until a late hit to Carson Palmer's knee.

Part of me thinks the rage we saw was carried over from that game (and subsequent games since then)."
"Yea... They fake it with the most recent drawing usually. It's the idea that is used over and over, not the actual drawing or picture!"
"AZIZ wasn't prepared for this, read the wrong book!"
"[I'm not even joking.](http://a57.foxnews.com/global.fncstatic.com/static/managed/img/fn2/876/493/EmmaWatsonBrown.jpg?ve=1&amp;tl=1)

 I just broke a lot of redditor's hearts."
[deleted]
"The definition hasn't changed. It means ""the love of knowledge,"" exactly the same thing it meant 2,500 years ago. ""Philo"" is the root for love, and ""sophy"" means knowledge.

Anyone or any methodology that uses knowledge is using philosophy."
[deleted]
"No news yet. Fingers still crossed! "
happy birthday /u/ElfinPrincessMarlene :D❤
It's a brown op.
*her*
"I'm out to some friends who aren't kinky, just, by virtue of them having known me since I was a slutty teenager with no boundaries, yeah. But otherwise I actually stay very closeted to my vanilla friends, because they often overlap with my work connections, or overlap with people who overlap with them, or just... I can't risk it. It'd cost me my career for sure, and anyway, why am I telling them about what I do in bed?

That's why I have so many kinky friends, so I can safely share all about my sex life with them and not have to worry about being outed."
The light and dark cannot exist in balance. The prophecy is that only a grey force user can bring an end to the struggle.
"this third better be like, the most entertaining period this season to make up for the bullshit these fans have paid for."
what are you guys talking about
"The implementation of social security and the minimum wage, in the U.S."
"Yes. Yes it is. "
Dang. I have a Fossil watch like that. Doesn't it get annoying. That just completely puts me off to the idea of another mechanical ever again unless it's accurate for a while at least. The hassle just doesn't seem worth it.
"Right, of course. On my phone it looked like there was a smaller bowl inside the round purple thing."
"Text-to-speech engine, maybe"
Is Mozart in the Jungle an Amazon Prime show?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-cEvHS5FqQ
"All claimed, but thanks."
"Yeah, they may not get the guy on child rape charges, but the parents or a DA could push for any number of trumped up things (false imprisonment, kidnapping, etc.) and a jury would eat it up."
Bloody hell that's chilly...
"Wish I was as cool as you, not worrying about what people say to me on the internet but replying anyway.

I'm not worried about his flair, the point is to show how he pays more attention to Liverpool than his own club."
"I'm about to race Noble, but sure!"
"No, not cursive, recursive.  Code that calls itself. "
"I buy gym shoes/running shoes on sale only. New pair becomes gym shoes, ""old"" never been outside par is run into ground as actual running shoes."
"The World they created and changed historyi is interesting. Every character is unique and well created. Take Rorschach for example and his visit with psychologist.

Very interestig and complex plot. This isn't about one hero (or group) taking bad boy. This is about international and political conflict, fear of nuclear war and greater evil

Beside actors, special effects, music. In my opinion everything there is perfect"
"SW will do well I China overall. Disney is doing a huge push over there. "
"*""That Fucking Gnome.""*

Essentially The List, but Scanlan's name is on *all of the barrels.* Engraved on the side?

""IT WAS SO EXPENSIVE!"""
"Even then, it seems silly"
"There is no charge. "
"Thanks, very true. "
"&gt; Lots of them won't want to go the next year because of it

I can't fully say the extent to which this protest affected me, as I already didn't like seeing the animals there, but it very clearly had an impact. It was sort of the tipping point. I remember thinking to my 12-year-old self, ""They're completely right and I'm in the wrong group."" And I made it clear after that circus that I wasn't going to any more. Wish I could go back and tell those activists that they made a difference."
"forEach simply executed the given function on each member of the collection.

reduce() is more of a convolution where all of the elements are handled by the function, and the return value is now the result.

like

    function sum(arr) { arr.reduce((previous, item) =&gt; previous + item, 0);}

    function max(arr){ arr.reduce((previous, item) =&gt; Math.max(previous, item), Number.MIN_VALUE);
}"
I would love to eat that
"sounds like like has been very fair to you either.  sadly, no amount of signatures on petitions will change the unfairness of life."
"I think that's our biggest concern. We've budgeted for the food, but it would be nice to save a couple hundred bucks and go on a honeymoon for a few days or something. "
"I did marketing, social media and website SEO - so I was all over the place when it came to dealing with these people.

One wanted a $1400 stroller in exchange for two tweets to her extra special audience of 1800 ""people"" and a 50 word blog post, that we would have to write and provide. Her twitter account was almost entirely spam, and her Alexa global rank was in the 6 millions. If we wanted a post on her Facebook page (almost 200 whole followers in the US), that would be another $300 in accessories.

Another one came to us asking for review samples (we were a retailer, not a manufacturer). We agreed to a small one at first, a product that was like $25. Her review never mentioned us a single time and she refused to add even a backlink before telling people that we were trying to censor her, so she got blacklisted.

Several times I encountered people who weren't able to give us even basic stats. One woman was offended that I didn't trust her metrics when she failed to answer some basic questions on Google Analytics.

Then there's the whole sweepstakes/giveaway scavengers that permeate that industry.

I will say that TheBabyGuyNYC was phenomenal to work with over the years."
Yes it does
me lo explicas vos? yo no entendi
"It's not making 60fps look at good at 120fps, but it makes the head tracking feel like 120fps.  Impressions of PSVR are very positive, with most people surprised it's capable of what it is with just a PS4.  Some of the work is done by an external box (from what I hear it does the interpolation, sensor data, etc, and lets the PS4 focus purely on rendering the scene).

Your last statement doesn't really make sense.  Why should PS4 not  be able to compare?  It's obviously going to be technically worse.  No one is arguing that.  But history has shown that the most advanced tech isn't necessarily the only successful tech.  I mean, how many lower powered consoles did just as good or better than the more powerful consoles?  Wii, PS2, etc were all technically inferior to their competition (in some cases by a huge margin), and were still great experiences.  The same way someone playing Witcher 3 on medium settings can still have as much fun as someone playing on Ultra settings, even though the GPU of the guy playing on Ultra might get 3x the framerate if playing on medium.

Obviously PSVR games will have lower visual fidelity, but that's not nearly as important as smooth, low latency tracking, lense quality, etc when it comes to VR.  Hell, Rift is lower resolution than Google Cardboard with a 1440p phone, but nobody would argue that Rift isn't the superior experience."
Did you remember that she's a woman though?
"Truthfully, I would smoke outdoors in the cold. 

I did the igloo thing in college and the first blunt or two was pretty cool. But I prefer the feeling you get when you've just toked up and you go back inside to the heat and all the high seems to hit you at once. "
"Well in school, they are forcing us to learn 80x86 ASM first and use the dos box to test our programs we use the first example, but as seen the book ""Giant Black Book of Computer Viruses"" He uses the other model, probably because his viruses are kinda small, maybe when he moves up to win 98 file infectors the model will change, can you show me how a proper modern model looks like? "
"Remjet should mean the backing is near completely black. "
Me me!
"Recent Submission history for rpaudai:

domain submitted from|count|%
:-|-:|-:
[raphaelpaulindaigle.com](/search?q=%28and+site%3A%27raphaelpaulindaigle.com%27+author%3A%27rpaudai%27+is_self%3A0+%29&amp;restrict_sr=off&amp;sort=new&amp;feature=legacy_search)|3|50%
[self.homeautomation](/r/homeautomation/search?q=%28and+author%3A%27rpaudai%27+is_self%3A1+%29&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;feature=legacy_search)|1|17%
[self.smarthome](/r/smarthome/search?q=%28and+author%3A%27rpaudai%27+is_self%3A1+%29&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;feature=legacy_search)|1|17%
[motivatedinbox.com](/search?q=%28and+site%3A%27motivatedinbox.com%27+author%3A%27rpaudai%27+is_self%3A0+%29&amp;restrict_sr=off&amp;sort=new&amp;feature=legacy_search)|1|17%

subreddit submitted to|count|%
:-|-:|-:
[DigitalMarketing](/r/DigitalMarketing/search?q=author%3A%27rpaudai%27&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;feature=legacy_search)|1|17%
[Emailmarketing](/r/Emailmarketing/search?q=author%3A%27rpaudai%27&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;feature=legacy_search)|1|17%
[cro](/r/cro/search?q=author%3A%27rpaudai%27&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;feature=legacy_search)|1|17%
[homeautomation](/r/homeautomation/search?q=author%3A%27rpaudai%27&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;feature=legacy_search)|1|17%
[smarthome](/r/smarthome/search?q=author%3A%27rpaudai%27&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;feature=legacy_search)|1|17%
[GetMotivated](/r/GetMotivated/search?q=author%3A%27rpaudai%27&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;feature=legacy_search)|1|17%"
"I don't think you're crazy, but I don't care to see any more hunger games. I was sick of it after 2 movies. "
"how about more than ""one time""! :p"
"*He became deranged with the thought of US possessing the only nuclear weapon and want to use it liberally as any other weapon* 

That was just the fluoridation of water supplies polluting his precious bodily fluids."
"Hell, I linked him to that thread and warned him that we were going to try that. I'm more concerned about him judging me for wanting to, than the other way around..."
"Personally, I think Patron Warrior is a 50/50 vs Secret Pally. But really strong against Face Hunter/Aggro Shaman/most Druid decks. 

Really weak against Reno-lock and Fatigue Priest/Warrior.

I would probably stick with your mech mage since you know the deck so well.



"
Great example of why it doesn't matter how well something is built if it becomes obsolete through technological progress.
I'd say it's surviving by not fighting or dying in that stupid war
"You being (or at least claiming to be) a mechanic, has no bearing on your knowledge of paint, bonding agents,  or how chemicals potentially can affect that. 

If you DID know a decent amount about those things, you'd probably look up the chemical differences between car wash and dish soaps.

For the record, dish soaps and car wash products mostly have the same surfactant packages. "
Hey can you send me some info on that Punch? I really loved the Punch Punch's I've had.
"But then you get DOUBLE the presents, right?  Right? ... ^R^i^g^h^t"
"Why does she spell ""BANANAS""? We all knew how to spell bananas. Was she trying to prove to us that she knew too?

Also, everything from the Black Eyed Peas"
This is a lovely picture!
"The National Organization of Women opposes shared parental custody. They are the largest feminist organization with 500,000 members and a PAC. They also still believe Jackie was raped despite her allegations being proven false beyond a reasonable doubt. Truthfully feminism has always been about female supremacy; understand that the suffregettes only accepted the right to vote when it was decoupled from conscription, but only for women.
"
https://media.giphy.com/media/R1hjLpJYzeXp6/giphy.gif
"Oh wow, I appreciate this point of view.  From what it sounded like, he wasn't there at all.  But now it all makes sense.  "
"ROCK-IT 69. ROCK-IT, 69."
[deleted]
"Outlier Public Prototype. 

A small run of experimental pieces to gauge demand and product fit. "
"Ok, hatte ich bisher noch nicht gehört "
"Yeah, I'm not really trying to insert myself into the situation, just looking for a clever way to catch someone doing something wrong.  She has made an official complaint, but without proof there just isnt much she can do.  Something else happened today.  A co-worker that retired wrote 20 thank you cards to everyone, but only 19 of us received a card.  My friend Susan's was missing.  Of course Mike was the person who went to retrieve the mail from our PO Box."
"Thanks friend! Incredibly appreciated and pass my love on also, from me to you and your family! "
"Fuck that, I'm buying Icon!"
"I think people deal with crap differently, and Bowie's death hit some folks harder than others.  I listened to a couple of songs and went about my day, but I understand why some folks may have felt inspired to do some Ziggy makeup or something. I don't really understand how folks are making the distinction between 1)using makeup as a way to grieve/process the death of someone important to them and 2)using makeup to karmawhore.  What's the secret criteria being used here, or are both unacceptable in lilpoundcake's eyes?"
"Yeah I think I'll be doing the same after this year. Most of my close friends are getting married this year so I should be all set. "
"&gt; Ja, dat is zuur, maar ik snap je punt niet.

Daarom."
[deleted]
"I would have a hard time voting for her simply because of her stance on encryption. There should be no ""compromise"" or ""solution"" to encryption. That's not how it works. The fact that she's  anti-encryption tells me she's an idiot or she actually believes it's bad and fully understands the consequences. Neither of those should be fitting for a president."
that's awesome
"It appears the consensus is that poppers are gross, but I like them though. I first used them during a threesome and really enjoyed it so I bought a bottle for myself. I used them when I jacked off alone and when I would hook up with someone. Most of the time they would use it as well and made it a lot more fun. When I got into a relationship I stopped using them because I ran out and because my partner didn't use them. Lately I was having difficulty bottoming since he's pretty thick and bought a new bottle to help relax. I use them once in a while now to relax or have a more intense orgasm. I do agree with the others who say it's a turn-off when someone *has* to use them all the time. I don't think anything is wrong with moderation."
"I always thought that working on an aircraft carrier must be fucking awesome. Then I watched that PBS documentary ""Carrier"" and realized that its probably not that awesome unless you have onne of the cool jobs. One guy they interviewed described it as basically being in prison and getting paid less per hour than fast food employees."
"Our wiki guy, Meneth, is Norwegian. So it's possible to be employed as a contractor but I don't see us opening up a branch there unfortunately.

Would love to have one in Bergen, that place is gorgeous!"
"Unfortunately your mom is right. For your own mental health and emotional well-being I strongly suggest that you and your sister go into counseling for yourselves, because when your father succeeds in his self-destruction you two are going to blame yourselves. I say this because you seem convinced that you can do something to stop your father from continuing to train wreck his life, so you're going to blame yourself when you can't stop this. You are assuming too much responsibility here and it is beyond the scope of what you can do. If not counseling consider going to al-anon...this is a support group for family members of alcoholics. They also have alateen which might be better for your sister. This is a very sad and tragic situation. I wish you good luck and recovered health for your dad."
"Your submission was removed from AskWomen because:

Titles must be descriptive questions; you may repost with a new title.



**[Why was this removed?](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskWomen&amp;subject=Why+was+this+removed?&amp;message=\[My+submission\]\(https://www.reddit.com/r/AskWomen/comments/40o2jm/which_is_worse_overall/\)+was+removed+and+I+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+removed it.)**    


[AskWomen rules](/r/askwomen/w/rules) | [AskWomen FAQ](/r/askwomen/w/index)  
[reddit rules](http://www.reddit.com/rules/) | [reddiquette](http://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette)"
Lets hear it
"A key logger logs keystrokes, and maybe mouse clicks. If the user is typing in their account credentials for something, it logs their account credentials. If they are writing a novel, it logs their novel. 
If they have an account for something that is inactive (and therefore presumably they aren't logging into it while the key logger is running) then how could it log their credentials?
EDIT: are you talking about user accounts on the machine? Even if so, an inactive account is, well, inactive? So what is there to log?!"
Yes the environment was created by Muslims idk how you're gonna argue that.
"The latter. Forgotten Realms, Greyhawk, and Dragonlance are all separate fictional universes that can be used as settings for D&amp;D."
"You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain. Good job overkill on going from an amazing game with an amazing company to becoming this greedy piece of shit. I was always defending them, but no longer. "
[deleted]
"I don't have a god, and the prosecutor did his job by appealing the sentencing.  He won.  If you don't want to obey a law that is in your opinion unjust, you can do that,  but there are consequences. "
"This must have been a higher time in your cousins' lives. "
He is!
"And I'm watching it right now.
The visuals. It's GORGEOUS. The details put into those cars. And the music. It totally adds to the hype. I'm glad I'm watching it dubbed so I can have my eyes melt while staring at the action. THIS IS EPIC."
"the normal TS is pretty awesome, this should step it up a notch!"
The kit is not overloaded but the passive definitely is. A newbie that doesn't know the champion can't even understand what is going on by looking at his build.
What kills me about this is people who take something that is getting a lot of attention and then try and find a way to twist it to their agenda.  It's really sad.
"[Here](http://m.imgur.com/a/b2V7D) is my album of things I've crafted so far which have been added to the wiki as well. I update this and the wiki as soon as something is crafted. While it's not comprehensive by any means I'm trying to get a more diverse amount of items represented. "
"Better than ""in"".."
"&gt; but when they took his wife (and I think his daugther too) to another room (to rape them), he snapped and used the decoration against them


I'd do the same, maybe even worse."
"They drive really slow in the ultrafast lane  
while people behind them are going insane."
[but why] (http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view5/3548103/but-why-o.gif) ? you can't just die yet
"Yes I have. Not cheap stage trick hypnotism, like ""flap your arms like a chicken!"" Serious, psychological hypnotic techniques. I was basically aware while it was happening, but afterward it seems very hazy and insubstantial. It's almost like an altered state of consciousness where you're incredibly suggestible and open. Like your ""mental filter"" and conscious judgement making faculties have been erased"
"I believe the 5 victims are Freddy, Bonnie, Chica, Foxy, and the Puppet."
"Hey its football, so any given ~~Sunday~~... Saturday. 

But its Brady. In the playoffs. At home. With a healthy team. 

I am WAY more excited than nervous

"
"#**ROOOOONEYYYY!** "
"""The Old Japanese Suck-job."" 

I love the silence that followed as they both spent several seconds filtering out things they couldn't say."
"Why not? Is there any solid evidence they bring in money via tourism? None of the top 10 tourist-visited sites in the UK are used by royals. And who's to say that people won't come if we don't have one. We'll still have the royal buildings. France's 3rd most popular tourist site is the Palace of Versailles, and France has no monarchy."
"Nej, medelåldern är nånstans i 20-års-åldern. Men även om 12 var medelåldern så förstår jag inte varför du anser att det betyder att man borde bete sig som en idiot."
"QOTD:  Um...I had the opportunity to never date, and I skipped it.  Totally regret that, now."
"&gt; A door handle is an attached object or mechanism used to manually open or close a door.

Id say yes, it is considered a door handle

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Door_handle"
Sounds like a separation/divorce could very well make 2016 a better year for both of you.
[deleted]
JON Snow
"This is a feeling i havent been able to put into words myself, so thank you first and foremost. It does feel like ife is/was on pause while going through the weight loss journey. I keep imagining the endzone so to speak, what can and will be my life when im finally at the end of the weight loss, but only recently i realized that its not going to be like one day i wake up at a healthy weight and immediately pick up everything ive been waiting to do...everything in life comes in phases, building up on the backs of something else. Even realizing we needed to be healthier and lose weight was a product of something else. We all had to give ourselves the building blocks necessary to even get this far into the journey. The same rule applies for everything else. If we want a better work environment, a new job with new people that see us differently, we need to seek it and get involved in it. If we want to play sports, we need to start learning and putting in the time and effort instead of waiting for our day to come. More often than not, ive found, getting involved even though we're not necessarily where we want to be will only help the weight loss, the depression, the social anxiety. Experience and gaining comfort in new situations cant always be put off. Its hard, but so was coming to the conclusion that i was fat, out of shape, and killing myself slowly every day. And if i found the conviction and resolve to admit that to myself, and the strength to actually make a difference for myself and solely myself, why cant i start sports or finding new circles of people or go back to school? Everything else seems trivial already to what ive accomplished even though im not even halfway done with my weight loss quest.

You have the strength and mind to tackle anything, you just have to let yourself be free of the physical, mental, and emotional burdens keeping you back."
"If they don't **FIX** the problem, call government officials. Call OSHA, call a government building inspector. This isn't a small problem, and it needs fixed, not a bandaid."
"I understand the maths. But its the same as making an SD master from a HD source, making a HD master from a 4K source gives a better quality image. Thats me talking from experience.

On top of that, when 4k becomes the standard in a decade or so, I'll still be able to sell my movies from this point on with ease."
3 in 3
"Simple solution, just write your password down on a sticky note"
"""Screech""

-Hedwig"
awww this was my favorite back in the day.
"Do you guys not think that was a pen, what is he doing with his hand there he stops Fellaini from putting the ball back across."
[deleted]
"Why not consider the newer AMD cards? [The R9 380 is cheaper and even performs slightly better. (XFX one is linked, but there's an Asus one for cheaper)](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/xfx-video-card-r9380p4255) 

The Corsair PSU that you have is very basic and is supposed to be in budget office builds. Consider a Seasonic, XFX, or EVGA G2.

The Kingston SSDs were fixed with a hardware revision quite some time ago, don't worry about any controversy about that."
"who pays this amount and how is it determined?

I would have assumed the commission, but can't they pass along this cost to the promoter (and in turn increase the amount they pay the ref?)"
"About 5 years ago while I was in college, I made a Pokemon DnD game. Like yours, it was much lighter on mechanics than DnD. However, I made it so you were a Pokemon (similar to Mystery Dungeon) cause that at the time for me, it was much simpler keeping track of one Pokemon instead of up to 6. I also put a lot of time into moves and leveling mechanics. I literally put about 3 months into putting together this game... unfortunately, I lost the thumb drive containing all the files a long time ago. Some day though, I might go back and make another.

It only included Generation 1 Pokemon and moves with some alterations to make sure dragon and psychic types were not OP. Had it based in Kanto since I know that region by heart. Overall, people I played it with generally like it. My biggest compliment I had was through a friend of a friend, a guy that had been playing DnD for 15 years said it was pretty good and even wanted a copy of the files I used... that was about the time I lost the thumb drive."
"Please review the rules, no raw gameplay videos. Keep an eye out for our clip of the week contest. Post removed."
"A group of people who think they are good at acting, but actually aren't."
Never seen them at a festival but saw them in DC a few years ago and it was one of the craziest sets I've seen. In the Forest would be sick.
"Correct me indeed if I'm wrong, but how did you get 4 slots? If you mean in terms of character use, Steal Power covers one BD and Thief's Raid would be the 2nd slot as I presume. That means the dedicated Support can run Full Break and Magic Breakdown. I assume Steal Power plus Thief's Raid is enough to make the Thief a good DPS contribution for Single target fights at least, since multi-Target fights encourage dance mitigation.

Main situation where this would come up is if you have a Full Support with a good SB and don't have something like Ramza's Scream to really encourage Lifesiphon. Sazh's Boon for example. Not the common case, but a realistic enough one.

Also, I understand you want reasons besides it stacks, but I do want to bring up where the mindset is with that. I remember a Mathcraft where someone brought up Enemies in higher level battles having stats that far exceed their soft caps, meaning Break mitigations have diminishing returns unless you stack them to the point they drop under it. Don't know how true this still holds in the scenarios you described or if the Breaks can even manage that without stackable SBs, but there is a logic to it beyond ""More Mitigation = Always Better"""
"The problem is that no one on this site has ever personally ran EDTA detection tests.  In other words we have to listen to expert testimony and use common sense.
 
What stood out for me was that the test was a new and unproven test created (in record time) just for Steve Avery's trial.  Not good, but I may still give it the benefit of the doubt.
 
However, the FBI expert said that the other 3 untested samples of Steve's blood contained no EDTA.  WTF?  He never tested them yet he's testifying about them?  This guy lost all credibility at this point.
 
Then the rebuttal expert did an amazing job and tore the FBI expert apart with FACTS and not conjecture.
 
Add to this Steve's blood had two broken seals (sealed with Scotch tape) and it makes the planting of blood defense very plausible."
"Yeah, I know. I was just trying to be humorous, but I guess I failed."
Wouldn't day so. Usually hanging on a stand out in a backpack
Ali pretty much fucked them.
You have a super high mmr considering your preseason rank and decent performance in placements.
"the axe.  i know how i'd use the extinguisher, and it's easier to counter with the axe than vice-versa.  plus, outside, the blinding/irritating attack of the extinguisher would be lessened.  i'd say 85 times out of 100, the axe takes it."
"I never said he was dead...

I was saying so many people would get in before Godfather but McMahon only puts it one dead guy per year, so guys like Rick Rude are STILL not in."
2002 Henry &gt; 2014 Suarez
"You can't really blame the fans.  NFL teams market the shit out of their players and the team in an attempt to endear themselves to you.  Nothing is wrong with an NFL player following the money, but I think we can all relate to wishing a player would make a financial sacrifice to stay with your team.  We've been programmed by the NFL."
"""Check out this Gentlesir"""
"[Read through this.](http://www.reddit.com/r/runescape/wiki/index#wiki_helpful_links_for_returning_players) It has a lot of information to get you started.

Yes membership from the beginning is highly worth it. Focus mainly on training Slayer and going after the quest [Plague's End.](http://runescape.wikia.com/wiki/Plague's_End)

The only way to play on tablets is going to be through TeamViewer or other applications like that. But be weary you won't be able to do very much, or at least doing things like combat will be very hard."
"It's easier to tone police than to engage thoughtfully, so you shit on people for their beliefs and think that you are doing the right and rational thing. 

You guys are fucking nuts. "
"We openly refer to one of our cats as ""bitch cat"". We hate her and love her all at the same time. "
No way... there is another Nebraskan here?
"How do you mean I do it? Should i keep repeating that same song until i get it right? i am not trained if that's what you are asking.

Thanks!"
"Smaller major at a school that size could very well only have one section of many of the required classes though. "
"Yet we live for that 11th hour Tony Barret confirmation, do we not?"
"I can see it now. The walker ominously stepping over the dense urban housing and rubble of Mos Eisley! They could even have the walker slowly destroy parts of the map as the game plays out. Ugh it would be so cool. I'm really just desperate for some *urban combat*. Can't believe there is none present already. "
"Why the hell did Byron Scott take out dangelo with 6 minutes left in the game. Just let the kid play and finish the game ffs "
[deleted]
"The only thing I've seen standard for 2 is that solvent, time, and temperature are last and usually below the arrow. "
"Backed! So excited for this game, looks amazing!"
"Already a fan of Adversarial, Psuedogod is awesome, just need to track down Bolzers discog, thankd"
"Mit ""wir"" meine ich uns als Gesellschaft. Ich selbst bin nur Betroffener. Und der Punkt den ich anprangere ist dass man mit Hilfe der modernen Diagnostik zumindest klar eingrenzen kann was organisch bei einer Depression passiert. ""Psychisch"" ist nur eine Manifestation von ""physisch"". Das Zugrundeliegende Problem ist IMMER organisch, sei es, weil die Dopaminrezeptoren verrückt spielen, sei es, weil der Körper Probleme bei der Serotoninsynthese hat. Aber wenn man das weiß, worüber Labordiagnostik und fMRT Aufschluss liefern können, dann kann man auch die zugrundeliegenden Probleme medikamentös angehen und in der Zwischenzeit mit Psychotherapie versuchen das akute Leiden zu lindern und die, ich sags einfach mal ganz krass, Überlebensfähigkeit des Patienten zu sichern."
And another one! And another one! And another one!
"So much yes to The Witcher 3, man. It's a really great game. "
Magically instaswole.
What a couple of catches we are!
Did you ever find a fix for this?
Thanks for the great explanation of this. It's very interesting when you compare their physical performances to other teams. It would be interesting to see their running stats over the years.
I always use a multimeter to test wires before working on them (and for a million other things besides). NEVER intentionally cause a short.
F
What's the way to avoid killing joints?
"Usually, but they are also supplied for testing, and usually that test engine goes into the chassis pre testing when they do their test fit at the factory. You usually also hear about the teams firing up their cars a week or so before the tests (or the evening before the first test in Lotus' case last year!)"
Please tell me you're making that last part up
"Not sure if troll.

You're legitimately asking if WWE are keeping Bryan off TV because they are worried he will murder Brie and then kill himself? Apart from being completely ridiculous, this is a pretty tasteless question too."
Exactly and that is as strict as normal 5s...
Stream the new album early here: http://stoneyroads.com/2016/01/stream-rufus-du-sols-album-bloom
[deleted]
"THANK YOU, I'VE BEEN RUNNING OUT!!! "
"Dying not because he has no money for treatment, but because he has no money. That's like saying I am dying two weeks into the month(every month)  because my salary is over. Or a software engineer is dying because he lost his job and has to pay EMIs..."
"Sausage with a side of raunch. "
"You beat the shit outta that cancer, man. I'm realizing how important faith is in life, it's the only sword you're allowed to carry into battle.

Try to watch or read things which not only motivate you, but sustain that feeling over a longer period of time. Sorrow and weakness is important, too, to understand how good it feels to feel good, but a chin-up attitude is the difference between beating cancer and beating the FUCK outta cancer.

Good luck, you :-)"
"Location is stored in the photo along with other EXIF metadata. Lots of easily available tools to look at EXIF data. Just Google ""read EXIF from JPG"" or something like that, and you'll find plenty of tools.

Also plenty of tools to modify said data."
Yea but isnt there a huge problem of gay for pay in gay porn? Basically bunch of straight guys drugging themselves up to do gay porn
"Bill Gates is a good guy and the wealthy among us should strive to look at innovative ways to give back such as he does. If I ever fall into stupid amounts of money I like to think I would try and emulate Bill Gates "
"Stupid Question time: I want to open a Citi Prestige card / AMEX Platinum under my name to get a global entry credit. But my only issue is that I want to get the global entry for my wife (in her name). Do you think I can apply for my wife and still get the credit? I presume all they see is the charge from global entry, unless they ask for documentation proof."
"It is the full [104 set + 4 media keys](http://i.imgur.com/WmBqTnN.jpg). And sorry, $45 shipped is still too low for me as that's a whole 10 dollars off my list price. "
ryze is in africa.
I think you're dramatically overestimating how much hardware and force would be needed. It could probably be pretty slim and small. But essentially it'd require you to mount something on the ceiling in the middle of a room dangling down so...yeah not an ordinary accessory admittedly.
https://www.reddit.com/r/JavDownloadCenter/comments/3qwy32/pppd414_halfnaked_maid_with_voluptuous_tits_sd/
"Thank god. "
Mine with a GT840m did
Hahaha no shame! (:
"""Ryze is in Africa"""
"That may be true for some people. I'd argue having little risk of death/maim/injury and living in a normal place and actually seeing your family at 40k is better than the opposite at 100k, but certainly there are some folks who like the lifestyle; I honestly don't think it's 100% about the money in many cases. Anyways, there's always crab fishing and the army. "
"This shit happens in many chain franchised out (key term  there) hotels because there are no strict standards and the owners usually dont give a shit. I used to work at one and the chest freezer we used had a broken lid that wouldnt seal. On top of that our manager, while she tried, was tasked with complete responsibility over 3 100 room hotels so the owners wouldnt have to pay 3 different managers, and was always overwhelmed with so much to do and would over-order the shit out of food. This led to the freezer which was already undersized for our needs, literally overflowing with shit that needed to be frozen. Since we were always understaffed (1 person per shift), again to save cost, and the food truck always came around check in time the busiest few hours of the day, alot of times frozen items would be put in the freezer 5+ hours after it was delivered or who knows how long, just until someone noticed it. NEVER pay to stay in a franchised hotel, always try to find a corporate run hotel if possible. "
"In all fairness, I'd still call 22 pretty young. Unless we're talking in the ASOIAF universe, in which case my 6th child should be heading off the war any minute now."
"An object in motion tends to stay in motion, an object at rest tends to stay in bed."
I'm on mobile and i'm too lazy to find a link but that 2-page panel in skypiea in the manga where nami is on this kind of sea-doo floating on clouds where we see upper yard for the first time with those gigantic trees represent well the mysterious/adventure/fairy tale feeling of the series.
"I don't think it's so much a processing time thing as it is a way to spread out the sales.  If they just dumped all of them at once, all the jerks reselling on EBay would pounce."
thank you
[removed]
"Wow really? Why is that? Increasing aging population? I have some nursing friends and they make decent money but nothing special. "
"Elements 2-16 the dream.

#keephating"
"I think either Keita or Abidal to give number 4 to cesc the snake at Barca. So yeah it doesn't jeopardise deals people just come to agreement. "
"yeh, I've heard it been said of scots and irishmen ;p  Although I always think first of Wales when I hear this jape, since I've heard it so often in relation to the fact that my boyfriend is welsh ;)"
"What.  Did you and your wife have an agreement that masturbating is not something you should do?  Did you previously know of her anti-masturbating beliefs?

Why did she get upset about you talking to an old coworker/friend?  I know you said exes were off the table, but female friends?  Did you have an agreement about not talking to members of the opposite sex?

Honestly, I think she over-reacted and has unreasonable expectations in general.  But I guess what we think doesn't matter. If you previously discussed these things when you discussed boundaries and you knew she wasn't okay with them, then you shouldn't have done them.  "
"If a woman turns around after shit like that, brace yourself. There's a chance a fist, pepper spray, or some other inanimate object might be making a beeline for your face.

EDIT: Please note that my comment was not intended to incite or encourage violence against creepiness, and is not to be taken in the context of a gender-based double standard. My apologies if my comment was taken more seriously than I intended!"
Thanks for doing this OP! Hope I win! :)
"yeah, your before is still pretty impressive. keep up the good work"
"Clay was awesome.  I figure if I keep it seven years it's worth the extra $2300 just for peace of mind.  I bought the ten year warranty on my Honda Fit and it was $1800 through the dealer.  $2300 for a Fiat and a new model was a no-brainer. "
"Et même dans les cas où l'autre pays va les enfermer, ça se fait pas non plus. Aucun autre pays nous dompe ses criminels, au contraire on rapatrie d'habitude."
Looking for people to skate with in the DFW area. Dunno any good spots here
Sure.
"Don't I know it. I live with a pretty perfectionist partner. I'm the embodiment of ""meh, it's fine,"" and he's an ""everything in its place"" type of person.  I don't know whose frustration is worse with the other on a daily basis ;)"
"""*Sex Tape 2*: At least they tried"""
agreed
And we'll take what we can get.
"Yeah we thought that was his account too. When we were trying to find him online we found at least 3. I don't know whether he started one and then made another for bad racist jokes, if it was a troll account, or someone hacking his disused one. 

If it wasn't him, maybe he didn't get fired, but just chose to quit. The court of public opinion made up their mind pretty quickly, and they campaigned to get him fired. If they'd come out and said, ""dude got hacked"" it probably wouldn't have made a lot of difference because the damage was already one. You can't google his name without it popping up, and they couldn't keep him on and risk the show being branded. If the internet is your main platform for promotion, truth doesn't really matter, just what comes up in searches. 

If he an his family were getting harassed, maybe he just decided he didn't want to deal with it. He's working on other projects now, for whatever that's worth. 


"
"Or his siblings are super geniuses and he's just a regular old genius "
.... there are medium and large citadels
https://forums.galaxy-of-heroes.starwars.ea.com/discussion/5464/the-journey-beyond-poe-the-demise-of-fotp-ludicrous-speed-activated
"Doesn't she actually _not_ recruit that intern and tell her not to take the job? 

She does mention that she plans to adopt her, though..."
El tacticismo robótico de Errejón debe ser abolido.
"True. Maybe I should revise my post to ""The media in LA."" Some fans understand he's shitty."
As cool as this is... Richard Mille is the definition of European tackiness.
"[itshappening.gif](http://i.imgur.com/Hf1yqgr.gif)  


---
^(*Feedback welcome at /r/image_linker_bot* | )[^(Disable)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=image_linker_bot&amp;subject=Ignore%20request&amp;message=ignore%20me)^( with ""ignore me"" via reply or PM)
"
"As a male prostitute, either way..."
I try it every time I start Playing. Maybe 60 or so attempts and the 'Conda gets me every time. I won't give up lol
[The Yes version of America is better!] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-062j9dafg)
"Obligatory ""try Undertale"" comment if only to formulate your own opinions on the game. "
"I don't have the coins for IF Costa so it pretty much limits me to either Reus, Schurrle or Ribery"
"Tf is wrong with people? A long time ago I was adminning a server and this guy admitted to griefing with me, right there, and got really butthurt because he got banned."
MY POWERS ARE GONE!
"I saw a kid do this at my gym a while ago, although not with as many weights.  When he turned around, I saw that his shirt was an athletic team shirt, and that his name was printed on the back.  It was ""Hazard."""
The Deviljho poogie is the cutest shit ever.
"No sympathy here. She can starve for her mistake. Master's degree's = the new 8th grade diploma. 

You need a PhD to afford groceries in this economy. "
"Did you mean ""depiction?"""
"Oh she bites back! 

"
"Other than the ones you've listed, MGSV is another ""big"" game from 2015 that I thought was great. But maybe big games just aren't for you anymore. Try something smaller, like Soma or Gone Home. It would also help if you listed some games and genres you do like."
"Panthers or Cardinals. "
So do crits with your autoattack also give the thorns a massive crit too?
That initially seems like a good idea. But wouldn't there be more chance of chips breaking while taking them home because they aren't uniformly(probably a better way to word it) as snug as without that thing. Unless that plastic bit you put in yourself and isn't inside the package to begin with.
"RIP

http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/2016/01/20/rock-legend-animal-dies-aged-66/"
This is a total scam. Do not download anything.
"I don't have any concerns about his views, but I do realize that his views and ideas will likely never come to fruition.  Congress is bought and paid for by special interests; since the President needs congress to pass laws, it's likely nothing will get done.  Sanders himself has pointed this out.  My question is this: will he compromise with Congress in the way Obama has, or will he stick to his principles?

In either case, knowing full well he won't pass any meaningful legislation in his first term, I'm voting for him.  I'm voting for him to put Congress and special interests on notice.  It is the People who run this country, not the banks, corporations, lobbyists, etc."
Joke?
&gt;So what the fuck do you usually do in a day.
Business casual
"[](/raritywut) [This might help.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony/comments/3m8kj6/a_mainstream_british_documentary_had_a_segment/?ref=search_posts) Not the post, but the things INSIDE of it.
"
"ash is pronounced ""a"" as in ""cat"""
#
"This is the one that had me notice it. My holy shit moment. "
"less shows more twitter IG handles. I get that it's their career but when June reminds us that she's on that netflix show for the tenth time I want to shake her "
"Yeah, that's actually before I hit the threads with a die, also.

I don't think mine was loctited anywhere. I spent about 10 minutes looking for a torch because I recalled you saying that it needed heat, and when I couldn't find one, I just stuck vice grips on the fake can, leaned on it, and pop."
"I actually haven't started yet! I've given my notice at work, plenty of it, so I'll be moving back to my home county (Kent) and finding a new place to live, possibly a part time job, and enrolling in September! In the mean time, I'll be reading, learning, listening, practicing and getting ready to dive in!

At my age, it seemed like the best route in for me. Will be a nice break from working 'regular' jobs for the past 10 years! Good luck  to you, good sir! "
Goddamnit I just got them for $165 from that Finishline restock a week ago
"THANK YOU, i was exactly thinking the same, like ""holy shit i don't want my clothes stained, be it from my penis or my finger, i wish someone would give me a napkin without embarrasing me"""
[deleted]
[deleted]
[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/430hjc/found_a_redditor_in_the_wild_while_driving_around/) by /u/Rapejelly in /r/pics
"Geeze, you're like my username mention bot! &lt;3 &lt;3"
"Finally had time to play. Caught Kyurem on both mobile and 3ds. 

I'm probably done with the Kyurem battle on mobile since I want to main stage advance, but on 3ds I want to get to at least 100 as I need 2 Speedups to finish Mega Lucario off. "
"Your ignorance of Bernie was by design.

On the other hand we all need to make an attempt to broaden our data base and in an era of corporately dominated news media we need to sahre the significant things we learn."
"Oh wow, this is going to get some... *interesting* answers. 

Personally, I don't think its fair to compare Nylund to Traviss - Nylund basically created the lore backbone and foundation of the Halo canon, and is (rightly so) held up as one of the great science fiction authors. For Halo, he is revered because he basically set the standard that all following additions to the lore are held to.

Now, in the Kilo-5 trilogy Traviss portrays established characters in ways that hadn't been seen before. I won't go into detail, because Kilo-5 is a genuinely good read and I don't want to spoil it for you, but some of the messages in the series are ""smash-them-over-the-head-with-a-gravity-hammer"" subtle. The different perspectives shown are from characters who don't have all of the information that we, as readers of the other lore, know, so their opinion of certain events and individuals is different. 

Some people in the Halo community disliked the way Traviss handled it, but for me personally I thought it was accurate to how people with the knowledge they have would feel. Aside from the lack of subtly to it, I thought it was fairly believable.

I realise I've been frustratingly vague and airy with this reply, but that's because I don't want to spoil anything. I loved the character and world building in the books, particularly BB, and Traviss has her strengths. But asking this subreddit who is better between Nylund and her... well, good luck."
Ahmed no
"If you support 99% of a group of people and have a problem with those in charge that are harming them, you are a..........racist?  Fucking idiot.  "
I read this as Penis Toddlerface.
Welp
"This is what infuriates me about IGF/Indiecade corruption.  As a hobbyist game maker and consumer, I'm pissed to have been misled, and to know how many other amateurs have been scammed out of entrance fees by these corrupts competitions.  At least we know they are trash, now.

Regarding Monaco, I bought it to play with my friend, it was fine, clever, but I didn't put more than an hour or two into it. "
"I can't agree more. WWE humor is usually cringeworthy, but lately the jokes have been genuinely funny. I think it has a lot to do with New Day and Truth. "
What's a good place to start with attack and release on the comp? I'm assuming fairly low ratio for parallel compression?
i thought it was to hang your pants up on a wall hook.
"Dang, I knew a guy named Anthony that went to Byron and went by the name Ninja-Ginger as a callname in games so I got excited and thought it was you. Small world! And yes, I was class of 14 so I might know her."
Most chatrooms are IP boost chatrooms right now
"Didn't you read the title? People.^^/s "
"Certain parts of the body look *extremely* similar to some GM cars. The side mirrors remind me of a Buick Regal a lot. The main cabin looks like several GM cars from that year.

I realize it's not GM, but I wonder if the might have sourced some parts from GM since the designs are just so amazingly similar."
"After reading all the replies to this, do you guys realize you can configure the power button to not do anything in Windows? It's under power options."
"Let's not forget his little running buddy from modeling school, Nathaniel Merriweather."
"Good call. STG and .44 &lt;3 all great weapons though. We have similar taste in weaponry.

Olympia :)"
???
He's going to be somebody's Uncle Leo in sixty years.
"Every toilet in basic military training had these. At one point I'm sure I had dreams about that picture. And yes, I'm sure this has been looked at by more people master baking than any one picture in recent history.

Edit: masterbating, but master baking stays"
"Signed! I'll pass this along to my union brothers. "
"When it warms up (I'm not there so I don't know current weather), take her out to the big tree (I believe it is in McBaine) some night. Take a picnic dinner and stare up at the stars. One of my favorite date night things to do when I was there. Tell the tree hi for me!

Google Missouri's largest/oldest Bur Oak tree. "
"""Another pint of lager Mary!""...""right you are my luv!"""
"Yea, but Canada in only the 35th most populous country."
Fucking idiots. They just Google each others shitty articles Then write even shittier articles
[deleted]
"Hi there,

I've gone ahead and removed this as it doesn't meet our guidelines for political self posts. Please review the [standards for political self posts](http://www.reddit.com/r/australia/wiki/subreddit_features) before attempting to resubmit. If there are any questions, feel free to [message us](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Faustralia); we're all too happy to help."
"I'm typically a fan of the highly detailed tattoos but this one really ""works"".  Something about the style and subject working really well together.

(also, raccoons are awesome,  so there's that too)"
He's a Brawn Strongman.
same
I've only ever seen one food critic in the wild at a Thai place in New York and he was a complete dick pigfuck.
"I had to have a criminal background check before I could have a political conservation. And we are banned from using over-size words, using too many words per minute, and convicted felons must remain mute for the rest of their lives.

Totally unregulated. Yup."
"use Intel RST and cache it.  I picked up a 128gb, half is for SC, and the other half is for the cache drive.  Your motherboard probably supports it.  My C drive is 2tb.

https://downloadcenter.intel.com/product/55005/Intel-Rapid-Storage-Technology-Intel-RST-"
"Shiki, south of Nashville"
"All our best to you and your family. "
"Your post has been automatically removed by this bot because your title is incorrect.

**Trading Items.** Your title must appear like this: [H] Item or items you have [W] Item or items wanted

The full details of the trade are not required to be in the title, but if not they must be in the description. However, you must say what you are willing to accept as an offer in your title. For example, ""[H] Sandman [W] Offers"" is inappropriate. However, ""[H] Sandman [W] Offers in Metal/Keys/Promos"" is acceptable as long as a specific price is listed in the trade description.

If you are selling more than 5 items, you can instead use the [Store] tag. Note that all relevant trade info still needs to be within the post without requiring the user to view an external site. Simply linking to a pricing spreadsheet site or a different trade site to sell your items is not sufficient by itself to meet the pricing rule.

**Other types of appropriate titles.** You may also use the following tags for *non-trade* posts.

1. [PC] - Asking for a price check on an item.
2. [Q] - Asking a trading-related question.
3. [PSA] - Public service announcements of great community importance.
4. [Raffle] - If you intend on doing a free raffle (raffles with any sort of buy-in are prohibited).
5. [Contest] - If you are holding a contest to give away free things.
6. [Free], [Giveaway] - If you are giving something away for free, you can use either one of these tags.

**Tag Formatting.** The tag used must start the post title, and some text after the tag is required. Extraneous text within tag brackets will cause the post to be removed. For trade posts, [H] must start the title (come before [W]).

**Scammers.** If you are attempting to report a scammer on our game servers, please review [this post](http://redd.it/mbpbg) and follow the process within it. If the scammer originated from our subreddit instead, please [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Ftf2trade). If the scammer is not related to our community, please direct your report to [SteamRep](http://forums.steamrep.com/forums/report/). Unfortunately with the ubiquity of scammer accounts, [PSA] posts warning about specific scammers are not permitted here. 

***

**If you have not already, PLEASE review the rules of /r/tf2trade by clicking [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/tf2trade/wiki/rules).**

Important rules to remember are that prices are required for all items (Rule 3), and to limit your posting of trades ([H]/[W] or [Store]) to one trade per 12 hour period regardless of whether any other trade is closed or deleted (Rule 4).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/tf2trade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Porzingis goal line threat
"La paja que le habrá dado hacer este trabajo practico al fulano que estuvo años al pedo cobrando el sueldito.  "
We took your suggestion and made the menu translucent.  Thanks!
Yooooooo. Such a good read.
"I appreciate this.  I think this effectively puts the larger package into perspective.  And for those not regularly involved in politics this is a remarkably subtle list, considering her celebrity."
"You don't get a 6th level spell slot that refreshes once a day, you choose a 6th level spell that you can then cast once a day."
"last post, about creepy events that are real in askreddit there was a comment there about ""im waiting to use this punchline joke"" in reference to jonestown &amp; so i guess he found his chance"
"Yeah, I was just calling him Schillinger because I couldn't remember the character's real name."
"http://ringsideconfessions.tumblr.com/post/99904465493/dean-ambrose-must-stay-single-i-love-him-and-he

"
"Thanks so much! This is super helpful. One question:

Can I, say, waitlist myself in suites on every flight over a two week span. Then go back and book one flight on business on one of those days. And then, if another date frees up, change to that flight and only pay the balance of miles (and while only having the balance of miles or slightly more in my account)?

I think that's what I'm reading here, but want to make sure: http://www.singaporeair.com/en_UK/ppsclub-krisflyer/krisflyer-fees/"
"317 Hunter brownie344 "
"It's also a lot sneakier. I have a Glock hat, but I only wear it to the range. If you're in public in 5.11 pants, merrell boots, a Glock hat, etc... a lot of people are going to assume you're carrying. I wear ""urban camo"", jeans, a pearl snap shirt, and a ball cap."
I thought the rule didn't apply if your job was on the required skills list. Does that not make things easier?
"Appears like most of the regulars are here, I don't see any action in r/baldopie or anywhere else for that matter. 

Unless most of the more autistic faggots of us just straight up slammed a pen through the back of their eye, I dunno where everyone went"
impressive!
"This is sort of funny, but my God that picture quality is crap. Unless it's somehow my fault, then apologies."
Nice! You should post some footage when you're done!
"Infertility problems are highly unlikely but some believe are a possibility. I dont really think its very likely, but thats me"
It annoyed me so much I subscribed their support email to a few hundred subscriptions. Hello PCH.
"*&gt;Worse than buffalo*

"
"Here's to a speedy recovery, but Kings fans should be in good hands with Nick Nickson.  BTW, who's gonna be joining Daryl Evans to cover the radio broadcast with Nickson filling in for Bob?"
"80 comments so obviously yeah "
That's this one!: http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph56256537ba19c :)
Deciding they will make a video to push their subscribers toward CS:GO seeing as it's their new cash-cow doesn't mean he told him exactly when he would walk into the room...
Awesome detail.  I would hate to be the one to cut into it.
marvel is dead. Don't forget about that.
/r/retiredusername
"Its kinda sad we need this instead of destiny doing it himself.

Edit: Nvm didnt know he was banned again."
"Hello there! Looking super cute in that dress. "
"It's ""you're"" not ""ur"".  This isn't twitter."
thank you
Boob sucking is so hot! I wish there was more R34 of this position.
"Respect! I can't throw those floppy putters to save my life. I've never seen one chain out, that's for sure."
You must be really hurting Bellows.
[reddit!](https://reddit.com)
"That's alright, thanks for taking a look!"
"Another fix is to turn off Vsync in the .config and if your on windows 10, go to the xbox app and turn off the screen capture."
This bag is full of big black dildos!!
Sad
Yeah Detroit's a good team
"Yeah, I sort of just don't really respect anyone that says this anymore. 
It's just completely false if you watch the games. Just goes to show how much people will hold on to old reputations and pretend like they're watching the games."
All I'm saying is on 30 for 30 he says just know that it will be January in no time. In addition to that there has been so much hinting at it. I'm hoping for views but I'll be happy with any new drizzy really.
Wow I thought we were friends
Wrong thread?
details please!
I'm deeply sorry that I did not add the apostrophe.  I'm very embarrassed.  She is  still hotter than anna  Kendrick.
"Hugh Rek-Shen. Then at some point during the movie, immediately after they've slept together:

Bond: Say, Hugh, what's your middle name?

Hugh: George.

Bond: Hmm. Fitting.

&amp;nbsp;

Nah, who am I kidding, they'd definitely go with Penis Galore."
"I read everything  he said and didn't realize there were typos until I saw your comment. 

You kind of had to try not understanding him."
"Personally I think the issue with the whole 'inspirational' thing largely comes from what it implies.

A person that's inspirational is someone who's achieved something that you thought was extremely difficult, or even impossible. They have inspired you by showing you that 'this can be done'. A civil rights activist who puts their own life at risk is inspirational for the bravery they show. Someone who managed to work their way up from poverty to a wealthy and comfortable life is inspirational for their work ethic or creativity. Someone who climbs an imposing mountain is inspirational for their physical prowess and tenacity.

Which leads us to the question, if you've only just met someone five minutes ago, what could you possibly be finding inspirational about them? All you know about them is one fact, that they exist.

In my view that's what makes calling a disabled person inspirational such a back-handed compliment. You're telling them that the fact that they haven't keeled over and died, that they simply haven't given up on life, is so unlikely, such an achievement, in your eyes that you find it inspiring.

When the message is essentially ""Wow, I don't know how anyone could live the life you do, I'd probably just give up. It's inspiring that you haven't."" it's not particularly surprising that so many people take it as an insult."
[deleted]
The leader of the Greek portion of camp is Oliver Andrews. You could talk to him. Or Oliver Devlin. Or Emerald.
"Can doesn't look like he has anything left in him. He needs substituting. "
You can carry an airship? With strength like that I'm pretty sure you can just punch the gorilla to death.
"Sorry to bother you again on the quark top template. Are you willing to make it open source?

Thank you for your time!"
"Press esc twice, it fixes it."
live your dreams my man
&lt;3
"I've said the exact same thing to my friends. I'm tired of seeing celebrities who couldn't care less about the art plastered all over Raw or PPVs. The only recent celebrity appearance that I've been cool with is Stephen Amell; he took it seriously and it showed.

That Bronson idea may come to fruition at some point, considering ""Fuck, That's Delicious"" will be on cable tv (assuming that's still in the works)."
"Like anf? "
Well they did nerf it again.
F
"So him releasing a track three weekends in a row is just a coincidence? 

Why can't you accept that Kanye sucks at releasing these? "
"damn. thanks.

edit: wait"
This pretty much says it all about Israeli art.
"I thought the points of star cards were to distract, protect, jetpack jump, or one hit kill a person of Used right.
They upgraded the cycler rifle to be one hit kill at close range( which is stupid for a sniper) but less drop might help too. 
But with all the nerfing on the bowcaster will it be able to kill anyone with full health ever?"
"8 hours? That's fantastic!
What laptop are you using? Is it brand new or something?"
"I'm really, really rump-roasted about this.  This isn't just altering some dialogue, it's the straight up removal of a gameplay feature.

Unacceptable, fuck the NoA morality cops.  They push me closer and closer to hacking my 3DS everyday.  "
Good thing rapists hate sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.
"""I am going to follow where it is going, maybe someone is traveling in the beam."""
los Ange1es
Why did you have to summon him!
"What does this have to do with being PC? You're just feeding a circle jerk you know you can get away with on this sub, but your comment is incredibly off topic."
"Santa Maria, CA here. Thought I was going to be the only Central Coastian. "
"Pominville, Granlund aka people who get to be on the first line, Vanek has his days too"
"This isn't the issue. Only certain games are considered e-sports because of how competitive they can be and the skill required. It'd be kind of hard to compete in a single player game like Legend of Zelda. The E-sports scene came around because of players wanting to watch the best of a game that they play casually. Much like how football, basketball, soccer, etc are popular to those who play those sports, people like to watch League/CS;GO/DOTA/Smash pros play at an extremely high level at a game they play casually."
*hands a machete*
"""I don't hang pictures on my wall anymore, I have youtube."""
"I've done my part, I expect you guys to do the same."
https://www.reddit.com/r/thatHappened/comments/1bs0cs/and_im_also_giving_you_100_dollars_the_first/
"Again, because he said 'common'. Other people might dip bread into their tea, but it isn't considered the norm. In Arab countries it's the thing to do, especially around the Gulf which I'm guessing he's from."
"I have a lot more time than money, and we're going to be working on this over the next few months, realistically knowing its going to consume our free time. Luckily the cabinet doors are flat slabbed, no trim or anything so that will cut down on some frustration. 

We might add some edge trim to the doors, but we haven't gotten that far in planning yet"
"I have Malifaux, Reign of Kings, some Hell Dorado, and some Mercs... And no time to play anything these days."
Holy fuck my mind is blown.
"~~ex tacky~~

**FTFY:** extremely tacky

j/k :)"
My favourite part about Tumblr is the part in which there is more racism than 4chan.
deixa o fabricio mijar
"The last case was amazing, but it didn't save the game for me. Its still a very good game, but it's the worst in the series."
"There are points to be made about LeBron's issues with Blatt and his culpability in them, but purposely losing games is not something I would ever say he has done. 

The most egregious one I can think of was the Portland game, and that was where your lazy defense was on display, but even then, I don't think he was blatantly trying to lose a game. 

From what I've read, Richard Jefferson and some of the vets that saw no minutes against GSW were pissed off, and the team wasn't focused going into the game, but I don't think they threw the game. "
Well I'm sorry I'm not hot enough BI
Fuckin' synths
"I was commenting to my TBM wife about the irony of how much more I've thought about the church on a daily or even hourly basis since beginning my transition out– and how much less guilt I would have had as a TBM if I'd been reading my scriptures as much then as I have now. "
"Thank you for posting this! I feel like not knowing what to expect from ""phone banking"" - an experience  most have never had - was a major hurdle for me in taking action. This helped a lot to inform and I'm going to find some time this week to phone bank!"
IT Crowd funniest comedy ever it was the English comedy that inspired Big Bang Theory.
"You never explicitly said he was a pussy, but you did say he's a whiner which apparently is ""a trait shared by many a pussy"" in your opinion. So it was heavily implied that you think he's a pussy."
&gt;Implying there was ever any doubt
it's on one of the freshman adjustment tapes
"&gt; The guy above plays on PS3 anyway so I don't think he gets it.

Wow."
Is this really true?  I find it hard to believe that a nation as progressive as Holland won't allow people to defend themselves.
"Hmmm, so despite wearing all the gear, all the time, you were still injured? You got a broken leg, are you sure you weren't in tshirt and shorts?"
"That's not any better, still a loser"
"how slow can it be before it doesn't make sense? "
What's stopping them? I cringe a little every time I read these articles..
MY EMPRA
I'm Old Gregg!
"I got the image from the instructions manual from link to the past. As for the detail work, I've uploaded a billion WIP pictures to my instagram @bvonb (shameless plug)"
SKT best KT
"Nah, I just resent people who make weed their lifestyle. Makes the rest of us look bad."
"Whats the advantage over the other Asp besides money?

"
It's true. However people that generally say Fire BH and Wind Lizard aren't farmable rarely (some do) save ALL their SS for the right rotation.
I looked at it again and I still don't get it.  What's the joke in spelling it like that?
"What do you do for the conservation department?
Edit. Realized how off topic this was. It seems like you have the job that I'm trying for so I'm really interested in it!"
"It can happen like that. Solid pitcher on the mound, Wright and Cespedes smack back to back doubles off the wall, the pitcher gets a little shaken up and it trickles all the way down through the lineup. It won't happen like that every day, but it can influence with guys consistently getting hits at other spots in the lineup. "
"The Nier OST has some tracks that are (IMHO) reminiscent of the style of Akira. A couple as a taster: [The Incomplete Stone](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjruB1hsF9o) and [Blu-bird](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0IWB6qEn9o).

Some pieces on [the soundtrack to the video game El Shaddai](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfxnVolrZIc&amp;list=PL862E60A14EB1E447&amp;index=12) also give me the Akira soundtrack vibe. It's mostly more overtly ""classical"" sounding though, to be fair.

Also [The Third Chamber](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVUvHNvruXg&amp;list=PLsRT_2c8MCSjt0DRuRkAseM3rvgTom7o-) by Loop Guru may be of some interest :)"
"This thread is hilarious. OP specifically asked which cars we despised and people come in and down vote other users' replies because they're butthurt that a stranger on the Internet disagrees with them. "
wtb dmg meters!
I just read this is one of the deepest DT drafts ever.
"Very interesting at first. Now they dragged it out.  "
I love the way you always manage to cum before the automated audio voice on the tube finishes announcing where the next station is ;)
[removed]
"&gt; Maybe I'm still a bit young to be making such decisions, I don't know.

Probably, yes. Fine to make them for right now and the foreseeable future -- I spent years single after having a kid and it was a very good time, and I don't know how I would have found the time to date with sole custody of a young kid anyway -- but deciding you have the rest of your life's plans nailed down would probably come off as a bit pompous if you were to broadcast it. My answer would be the same if you were 50, too -- it's just really rare to be able to nail down who you're going to be in future decades. Personal growth often involves change; leave yourself open to that."
"The way I understand it, every Star Wars story (comic, novel, whatever) that is published *must* be approved by the Story Group. So it would make sense that *if* they have a plan they wouldn't let anything get published that doesn't fit that plan. For example, if Claudia Gray or Chuck Wendig wrote an origin story for Snoke, the Story Group wouldn't let it be published unless it was an origin story they either had a hand in crafting or at the very least approved of."
"Flight assist off would be another candidate; while the button is held the magic happens?

Deploying weapons could be done too- that's just on/ off. Weapons free = lots of red! "
"You disconnected. "
[deleted]
"Patch Tuesday can come on the 2nd **or** 4th Tuesday of the month. "
You've apparently never been to any other dense urban cities.
"yeah, most PC owners won't admit it but that was a huge selling point of the mac for me.  it is so pathetic how bad the PC trackpads are in general."
"I love my Gizmo too much, she's my cat best friend. "
Just yesterday I had to go through this. Solved it by following the instructions as stated [here](https://wiki.debian.org/WiFi/HowToUse#WPA-PSK_and_WPA2-PSK)
"Awesome, thanks! "
Did you win?
Ebay has a few on offer for $30
"Well, now it's Teen Mom OG.  Yes, the realtor cares and also knows what ""OG"" means."
"Good shit, would be very interested! "
A RecyclerView was exactly what I was looking for. Thank you!
Love what you said. :)
"I'm not sure, I've never used either product so I couldn't tell you how well it works. Hopefully someone else can chime in if they've used it! "
"Just a reminder that there is a report feature on the dev forums. There have been a few threads created complaining that the MMR system is a bug and dumb shit like that, if you report the threads we can see them in the mod forums and close them. It's extremely helpful for us since there are just way too many threads being created for us to go through each one."
It belongs to every tax-paying resident of the city. He didn't shovel that spot as a good deed for the taxpayers; he did it out of necessity so he could drive somewhere. That doesn't give him special status or rights.
Sheva from Resident Evil 5.
post it
http://www.surrenderat20.net/2016/01/patch-62-server-maintenance-announced.html?m=1
"Wah... Need to calm down a bit.. Those people who send the hatcher a trade request.. You don't do that, peeps... You wait for them to be ready and not the other way around..

Sorry for the little rant, I will try to send you another trade request now~"
The tunnel is indeed a stupid idea. They should just build the highway at grade. This is why eminent domain exists.
I've always found the shittiness to be part of the humor
"I'm having such a Layton vibe there i'm gonna instabuy it even if it sucks because i love the theme.

That Pikachu looks dead serious, i hope it's not a childish ""learn to"" game."
Pretty much! The only pain was the driving level rhat you cant skip or glitch:P
Ik zal de volgende Syriër die ik tegenkom mijn gebruikte tandenborstel toestoppen.
"Congrats? "
"My god...so that explains what happened to the lock on the case on the back of my motorcycle. It must have just vibrated the pins open. "
You are spot on about the audio.  That's a strange thing for people to mention when praising a game nowadays and the weapon sounds are all well done and unique
Next BR tweak they'll drop the He-162. Next time for sure.
"Does it behave the same in PvE? If so, did really none of the teams mark a mob and kill it to see if it disappears? If not, then this is a great example why we don't trust you,""WvW team"". 

All in all, another massive fail. Something so simple and they couldn't do it right.


(Can't test it myself, not going to install this garbage any time soon if ever.)"
"I'm with you. I've never heard anyone in Kentucky, specifically Louisville, Lexington or Pike Country say this"
Jeffrey Loria: Sell the god damned team.
The genetic studies say otherwise
"Reported stolen and therefor bricked. "
"Well you likely missed out on any grievance rights if you had some. Why are you only now asking about this? "
"Wow, qwb3656, great moves. Keep it up, proud of you."
Uppaswans!
Buy CDR boots.
I Would Have Expected John Cena By Now
"Which first-time buyer scheme are you looking to use?

If it's the Help to Buy: Equity Loan scheme, there is specific provision for:

&gt; The property purchased must be your only residence. Help to Buy is not available to assist buy-to-let investors or those who will own any property other than their Help to Buy property after completing their purchase.
&gt; You cannot rent out your existing home and buy a second home through Help to Buy.

It is likely you would have to dispose of your interest in the Scottish property upon the completion of a purchase using that scheme.

https://www.helptobuy.gov.uk/documents/2015/12/equity-loan-buyers-guide.pdf

If it's the HTB: ISA - you cannot open one as you own a property already: (https://www.helptobuy.gov.uk/help-to-buy-isa/who-is-eligible/)

If it's the HTB: Mortgage Guarantee scheme then you have a similar restriction to the Equity Loan scheme which is that you must not own any property in the world at the time you utilise the scheme (https://www.helptobuy.gov.uk/mortgage-guarantee/eligibility/)
"
I haven't gotten it once and have played at least 100 games since yesterday
"I agree, but it shows that still most users can't run and maintain a desktop wallet. From my personal experience, I knew several online entrepreneurs who had between 500-1000 BTC and only used online wallets because they weren't able to understand and use desktop wallets, private keys, encryption, back-up and other basic security concepts. "
"Cool, I did think so but they won't cough up the material until the actual date! 

I'll check out the Stanford one. I'm only just into all this mooc business so I'm still learning who does what :)"
"He's a maniac, maniac on the dance floor"
Character. Knowing what you stand for and fucking standing up for it no matter what.
"Feels good to watch Leblanc get dumpstered. "
"He can be punched to death as much as the air in front of you can he punched to death, he is made of light 

But I should have quit earlier, obvious troll "
"EM posts the event report right after the info is out, if he (she?) hasn't post it yet, probably there's no new info

Just checked it, no new info"
this is pretty likely. i dont see why valve would release a big update during their own events.
"Smart decisions, I still think 20 to start a match is too high though. Something like 12+ would be more reasonable. "
"http://www.tube8.com/asian/rki-111/18176292/

The only uncensored video of Julia I've seen to date"
Your description seems to be the most concise. xD
"Its funny cause the post isn't real, and now you just look like a dipshit."
"ah yes, correct, totally forgot to post the source... my bad"
"LMAO DUDE CHILL THE FUCK OUT IT'S JUST A GAME BRUH, AND WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU TO DISCREDIT A STRATEGY THAT ANOTHER PLAYER LIKES USING? JUST BECAUSE IT ANNOYS YOU DOESN'T MAKE IT A STUPID STRATEGY. "
[deleted]
"After becoming president did you feel the job gave you more or less powerful than you previously expected?

If more, was it too much?

If less, was it too little?

Finally, why?"
"Depends. 

If you are in a one pilot fighter craft, you may only use one weapon at a time. For example, the X-wing has 2 weapons: the proton torpedo, and the main lasers (the name escapes me). A pilot can chose one of these weapons to fire, but that does not mean he only fires one shot. The proton torpedo has linked 1, and the lasers have linked 3... So he can hit an enemy with multiple shots. 

A 2 person fighter can have 1 pilot and 1 copilot. The pilot acts as in single pilot crafts. The Copilot can chose to shoot a weapon (that has not been shot this round), or do another action like move 1 shield around. 

Anything bigger depends on the number of people on the ship, as most guns have their own station. Pilot acts as normal, and anyone on the ship can use their action to fire an unfired weapon on the ship, if they are at that gun's control. If not, they spend their turn going to it. In ship to ship combat, only the pilot gets a maneuver action AND a normal action. Everyone else gets 1,meaning one can not move to a gun and fire it on the same turn. "
Are you chewing gum?!
RIP Chiles only 500pp play
"DSP, is that you?

But really, it's a challenging game, by no means is it going to get easier except for the fact that you'll be more familiar with the mechanics and controls as you progress. If it's already that bad, be careful continuing before you end up with a broken console."
/r/cringe is calling
My mom is the same way she came up to me asking why the game reset from 400 down to like 60. I was shocked she was at level 400
"Your post has been automatically removed because you are posting from a new or inactive account. To post on /r/PhotoshopRequest, your account must be at least **1 DAY OLD** and have **10 COMMENT KARMA**. Please use your account in other subreddits to be able to post here. Don't message the mods requesting a waiver. We apologize for any inconvenience.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PhotoshopRequest) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Rsyezidi 296 hunter "
Oh you have got to be kidding me. I *just* bought this yesterday! I checked this sub to make sure it wasn't about to be on sale!
"Pretty much. He was president for 12 years + a few weeks, so that would be at least 4272 days.  This would mean he spent about 88% of his time in office issuing executive orders."
"If I understood the math, basically it's saying if they matched up against LA or CHI, you would expect them to win 2 times for every 1 chicago/la win. At the rate they are going right now, that might seem a bit high, but the caps just aren't losing games right now. They are winning every which way, but they really just aren't losing, at all. at 32-7-3, winning 2 for every 1 seems plausible."
"/r/cseventvods is a good place to start, they have most big tournaments going back a year or two."
They blurred it out when they aired the movie on WPIX 11 (before it became the WB)
Do you have some embarrassing or just memorable stories to share? Or what is roughly the yes/no ratio?
[deleted]
Things like shadowbind and blackoil are now shakeable. Also pistol wraiths chain attack now inflicts stationary instead of making an opponet sacrifice movement/activation.
No you are a JimJam
But but he has African-American friends!
Ah poop
"It was sort of meant to be positive. Trying to put all the TKOL II comments in perspective. "
"For hard mode use rescued Dell parts and deal with their shitty shit. "
"Idk I really like facing much better people than me, I am so happy when I see a diamond player on their team. I can observe how he plays if i lane vs him and maybe see some of my mistakes that I would have never noticed playing vs someone my elo. It is just a normal game , haven't seen dia player tryhard there ever, so it is not like u will lose 100%."
[deleted]
"Also, the warehouse and shipping workers needed to supply the parts needed to repair those ATMs, that break down quite frequently.  Then there are also the entry level call center jobs, where the bank managers need to call to report the issues with the ATM, open the trouble ticket and perform the level 1 troubleshooting."
"The sign isn't suggesting that people shouldn't use their best judgment.

Its tackling a mentality you see more prevalently in muslim culture and to a much lesser extent in this one."
"You're unfortunately a shitty bluffer. Your post history clearly indicates you work at a hotel, and you said yourself ""My hotel's lowest rate is for a local Cancer Hospital"" (Moffitt Cancer Center). You have a picture of a Cheetah in a hotel room you work at. Cross reference with tampa hotels near Moffitt, look up reviews and pictures, the carpet matches the carpet in your image.

You mention an indoor Racquetball Court near Florida College and the best bet is the temple terrace family recreation center. That one isn't solid evidence, but it's the only court in the area I can find. 

But you definitely work or worked at TownesPlace. Not a great liar. "
"Perfect, I'll check that extension out. "
Sales are gonna get a lot better in Feb. Be patient.
I think there should have at least been a roster lock close to the start of the season.
"Not fast enough to escort Santa's sleigh, which as far as I can tell is the only role the Liberals can envision for Canada's fighters. "
Everything has ways to be misused that doesn't mean it is designed badly. The reason people have issues is because they misunderstand what it is. It's an ASSISTED locking device NOT and AUTOMATIC locking device.
With Chuck Morgan and Mark Mclemore
: \^)
"&gt; Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream.

*-George W. Bush, 2000*"
"looks pretty good, nice work for a first project.

Out of curiosity, did you put any kind of finish on your new desk?  If not you should really consider putting something on there to protect your hard work."
"I have to say that, as an Austrian, i believe that covering falco is blasphemy!"
[deleted]
¿Por qué no se crea un medio internacional libre?
You want a pro to come in and do all the calculations.
"This *is* a ""fully colorless"" (in that it is still precisely as colored as your target...) reanimation spell (for planeswalkers). Changing its color while it's on the stack doesn't really change that.

Jace is the only planeswalker to ever be banned, and he's only banned in one format (and in Standard for like a month, I guess). Jace is also clearly not worth casting a traditional reanimation spell on, let alone this card."
[deleted]
Well avoiding feeding the enemy team and playing safe until you're strong enough to fight is exactly how you want to play.
"Same happens to me. Between water and food, my weight can vary more than 10lbs during the day. This is why I stopped caring about weight and only care about body fat percentage. Anything over 20% and its time to do cardio every day until I consider myself ""fit"" again, anything under 10% and it's ""eat whatever I want"" week. (please note that I do not impose these rules on anyone but myself)"
I'm finding 2 has better writing than the pre seq.
"&gt;Be wary of proof.

I am seriously going to need context for this."
"http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TooAwesomeToUse

I hate this.  I've forcibly and intentionally broken the habit and it's extremely liberating."
"Yes, definitely. I loved exploring France, I loved just running around and killing people, and the animations are great. I actually also really liked Arno and the story, no matter what anyone says on here. It is one of my favorite AC games. It doesn't matter if you know Elise dies, because from the beginning you knew she was going to bite the dust anyway."
"In my case, a LOT of it was a blur, but every diagnosis, test, etc.  helped me move forward.

TW - Will include stillbirth details, and a brief snippet about current pregnancy.

After my daughter was stillborn, all signs pointed to ""cord accident"" but my OB wanted to rule out everything else.  I was tested for thyroid, lupus, celiac, etc.  Every test ""cleared"" gave me confidence to think about trying again.  At the end, there were five things that could have been an issue.  She had areas of placental infarction.  This means that the tissue became damaged and ""dead"" and wasn't supporting her in those areas.  They were small though, so that alone shouldn't have caused her death.  The second was cord torsion of one twist every 3cm.  This was most likely the cause...studies show that the max torsion a baby can sustain for an extended time is one twist every 5cm.  The third was a true knot, but as many people say, lots of babies are born with nuchal cords without issue.  The fourth was my anemia, which was controlled, but all of a sudden before delivery my hemoglobin and hemocrit dropped dramatically and my c reactive proteins and sedimentation rate skyrocketed.  The last was lower than anticipated amniotic fluid.  It is possible I had a pinhole leak, or it is also possible that after she passed, it started to drop.  

Knowing all of this was power.  It helped me formulate a plan with my OB that I felt comfortable with before pregnancy, that I felt would ensure this won't happen again.  Knock on wood that it won't (currently 33+5).  Have you considered talking about your plans in a future pregnancy with your doctor?  Knowing how they will ensure you are measured regularly may help?  In my case, they added a perinatologist to my care, I see my rheumatologist monthly to do a full CBC, thyroid panel, and other panels, and as of week 32, I do NSTs 2 times a week.  As of this week, when I turn 34 weeks, I'll be going to my OB once a week, perinatologist once a week, and NSTs 2 times a week, so I'll be seen 4 days every week, with 4 US a week, including one that monitors his cord and bloodflow.

I'm so sorry you are going through this.  Crossing my fingers that getting some answers will give you closure...and hope.

Hugs!"
"Came to say I'd like to take this person out for a drink and just shoot the shit for a few hours , hope things stay good for him this time."
"This was an earlier stage of development. There was never any public testing of this build.

KOFXIV is about 70% complete. They said the roster is finalized, so hopefully the rest of the 30% is for balancing and graphics, Maybe fix the jump physics too. They are pretty floaty right now."
/r/unexpected
"oh yes i almost forgot about Annie's neighbour's cousin's friend's hamster. it's definitely plausible.

His mom told him he ran away from home. 

So this is where he went"
Jihn confirmed designed by CertainlyT
"What does your body look like? I'm the same height, but 85 pounds heavier. I'm curious what someone my height looks like at that weight. "
Fuck you're a shit cunt
thank you :3
"hi, i would love to participate! :)"
"https://www.google.ca/maps/dir/Milk+Beach/Nielsen+Park+Kiosk,+Nielsen+Park%2FGreycliffe+Avenue,+Vaucluse+NSW+2030,+Australia/@-33.8539411,151.2653885,17z/data=!4m14!4m13!1m5!1m1!1s0x6b12ac4e380cb163:0xda2cf0b9f38fbd01!2m2!1d151.2672172!2d-33.8565935!1m5!1m1!1s0x6b12ac5ac90ae85d:0xc686e51bb1a9459a!2m2!1d151.2668467!2d-33.8517732!3e2"
"I did make a very conservative liquidity budget, which shows that it is feasible. My friends in banking estimates i should be able to borrow an additional 100k. I am also already taking an education (free, and i could add that only 10 people in Denmark have gotten a better grade average than me). However, there is still the very real concern of putting a lot of money into something which appreciates at a little more than inflation rates at average."
"FACEIT League 2015 Stage 2 Finals at DreamHack Valencia - 1.18 (2nd best C9 player)  
ESWC 2015 - 0.98 (3rd best)  
ESL ESEA Pro League Season 1 Finals - 1.13 (2nd best)  

n0thing in comparison had 0.98, 1.24 and 0.99. Skadoodle was #1 at all three events.

Generally the stats show that Shroud was the 2nd best player through 2015 as well. So saying that n0thing did the heavy lifting seems unlikely. My own recollection is also n0thing doing the usual stuff of being to inconsistent to be reliable and Skadoodle and Shroud doing the majority of the work.

"
you can give up on gotham and then you'll have room.
"How the fuck did The Leftovers not get a single one? That's the type of show they love to nominate. Holy shit what a disappointment. "
"But it's just way, way too easy. You can walk where an Orc would so, so easily see you and *nothing*. There's no challenge and no *point*"
I KNEW IT
"What a Dick(s). jk Long Live Bowie. "
"Hartford Current is a good place to start. Billboards along Rt 9. You can use radio adverts. Considering the style of restaurant, you may want to target stations like 104.1, or 99.1. You can advertise at college campuses. Weslyann, Yale, UConn, etc. Good luck!"
[removed]
"""So you're telling me that I can just walk in here, get a card with my name on it, and read hundreds of books for free?""

""As long as you get them back soon enough so that other people can do the same.""

""I can go across the street and buy the same book for $10, and then have to find a place to keep it in my house, but instead I can come here and get the same book for free, and then not have to find a place for it since I can just bring it back?""

""Exactly.  And you can take the same book back out later, in case you want to read it again.""

""Do you know exactly how bookstores stay in business these days?"""
"Me, you've never heard of me, I'm not part of the /r/Nintendo elite, but I can make this sub great again. Vote for me."
Downvoted for being a crybaby
Invest in a screen protector.  The plus side is it will do a lot to mask the scratch you now have.  This is the one I use. http://amzn.com/B00OBZ683S
"Good stop fucking charging 3 bucks a gallon then. "
"Don't worry guys, a) the economy will eventually tank at some point. The shallow, hedonistic westerners will will have been laid off from their meaningless 9-5 and will therefore have the time to seriously reevaluate wtf is going on in their backyard after actively ignoring it for the past 20 years. B) nature abhors a vacuum. Cometh the hour cometh the man, etc etc. There's probably a 14 year old boy sitting in a government sponsored diversity lesson right now who is gonna be a beacon of hope and end all this madness. C) could there be Christian revival/ resurgence? Seems to be happening in Russia. "
"It's the complete opposite for me. I'm a huge fan od Steve McQueen, but could barely sit thru watching The Magnificent Seven. Instatly loved Seven Samurai though."
"You are missing the point.

First of all, your first statement about the world directly contradicts your second statement about Lucy and Aquarius reunion. It wouldn't, if you didn't include ""since this is a manga"" part. SINCE this is a manga, Aquarius key will find Lucy's pocket sooner than DBZ's 5 Namek minutes. And she'll have to fight Aquarius for it.

Now, it does undo the character progression. What good does growing up from the loss, with reminders of it (Lucy looking at Aquarius key right after time-skip, and in the chapter where they strategize against Zeref's forces) all over the goddamn place, if she's just going to come back anyway.

Her loss equalled to Lucy being FORCED to confront the reality that from now on people will ""die"" and she has to become THAT MUCH MORE powerful to avoid that. She did, but now that she did, she doesn't have to. Since Aquarius' key was reborn, who's to say other keys will not? She can now sacrifice her Celestial Spirits (not that she will, she can) every fight to summon Celestial Spirit King and just wait for a year or so to find them again. 

Sure, if it was DBZ. Fairy Tail and DBZ have almost nothing in common, except for tropes and genres. FT has no such thing as the Dragon Balls that miraculously grant your wishes. Sorry."
This was so funny.
"it should of been resolved years ago, and not with that half assed 9th place, and suspending James Hird for a year with full pay the afl tried to pull. it should of just gone to Wada straight away, and james should of been given the ass alot earlier"
Let it come full circle. Chiefs and Packers rematch.
"/unj lol i'm thinking of getting into Empire, don't spoil it for me biatch"
"I am a liberal but even liberal policies can be taken too far. Regardless, much of Europe is poised for a right-wing takeover because of immigration issues alone."
"I do it but not to spite them. To create enough distance so i have room to stop or at least slow down if the guy behind me is a total fucking retard who deserves to be castrated. I feel like anyone who commits these dick moves on the road, i should be allowed to kill them. After all, driving is no joke and more people die every year from cars than guns. You want to really spite them drive to therightlane, when they pass you spit on their car."
https://youtu.be/GnlZPohCU7U
"Why, just why. Wont somebody please think of the children. "
"Yup this is my biggest issue. I like to role play when I play Bethesda games. In Fallout 3 I can use my imagination to come up with a personality, now I have to build around the pre-existing one in FO4.

"
"It's all so tied up, ya know, loot and infusion and light. 

First off, I think it's great that Year 2 drops have different perks and stats. Major improvement to Year 1. I do wish they dropped more frequently. I still don't have a Hard Mode helmet for my Titan, my main. But beyond that, I still am trying to craft a good INT/STR gear set with my Defender.

Also, I'm totally like you in that I consider the stats and perks before sharding. Even of a 260 drop. I've never raged ""292 ghost! WTF!"" But at the same time, the loot system and the game balance is focused on light first.

Secondly, the list of gamechanging gear you provided is interesting and reveals another huge shift from Year 1. Namely, only ""cocoon"" weapons are there from the raid. Otherwise, all of the endgame rewards have been moved out of the raid. I hadn't realized that until now. 

This is another two-edged sword. Year 2 had great rewards, ones that don't depend on RNG. At the same time, they've hurt the raid in my opinion, leaving it with only mild loot that people play trying to get light up.

Sorry, if this brief, taking off for the day. But thanks for the discussion."
"
Group is still active as of 1/11/16 :-)

Feel free to send me a message if you'd like an invite."
"I can see her point.  Perhaps because of her background including her experiences as a woman in the United States, her take on things could be different from those of a man.  Her responses to issues and problems as a president and then to a lesser extent as a woman could be different than if she had been a man.  Sort of how Obama and his background and experiences as a black man have influenced his perspective."
"Incorrect. http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Spellvamp With a few exceptions here or there, in essence if it's a spell and it does damage, spell vamp applies, regardless of type of damage. "
"  Me too! But there is another problem many are not aware of when buying that product: the above set has only a pocket to accommodate the exchange of pieces while you analyze. It can be used if you fold that pocket, but only if you play from White's perspective. From Blacks, it's upside down, so they will fall to the ground.
  In those times it wasn't a problem, because they didn't have the algebraic notation, so you could always switch the pieces so that the pocket with the exchanges would never face the ground. You could still do that if you don't mind the 'incorrectness' of the set-up, given that most players know the files and ranks by heart.
  However, there's a bigger problem: if you want to continue your analysis at a later time without starting from scratch--and you're not analyzing something like Main Line-KID, where there are no exchanges until move 9-10-11, the moment you fold the set they will fall down, since the pocket for the captures doesn't have a zipper. Even if it did, it would be very inconvenient to zip it and unzip it all the time( not to mention looking for the right ones as all of them have the same side and the back of them looks exactly the same), as you go back and analyze a different branch of the same tree. 
  The solution is offered by the movie, but you have to do it yourself, since there seem to be none available commercially. As for the case, you can try Staples or any case would do--notice that in the movie, it didn't fit the whole thing, so it's easier to carry around--it just fit folded, perhaps once( instead of twice). The only advantage of such a case is that it provides a solid surface against which you can rest the board.
  But, with the solution I mentioned above, it can also be used by itself, literally feeling and looking like a checkbook.
  Without this solution, a case won't help at all: you will have lose pieces everywhere. If you're on a desk it's fine enough, but still not perfect( you may place a book on them and then they might vanish under the desk as you manipulate the book). But if you're on the move, as this was what was intended for in the first place, instead of concentrating on the position being analyzed, you'll fret about not losing pieces."
"I really haven't seen him enough to say, but he certainly is scoring like a monster. There are some players who can score a lot but not really take over. Backstrom for instance, he's a monster player, racks up points. But I just don't see him taking over games himself single handedly like Ovi can. Or watching Kuzy go beast mode and just do it all himself. Backstrom makes everyone else better, but doesn't really go beast mode alone. I hope Tarasenko is the former, it's special to watch players who can do it."
"I don't believe the Ripper counts, no. Combat Knife does, I completed the melee kills challenge with it today. "
lol why is this downvoted?  I'm not saying anything about the guys ability as a coach.  I'm just saying that the Rooney rule requires the interviews and he may be the best candidate out there so he will get interviewed often even if teams have no intention of hiring.
"I remember when I went to see ""The martian"", someone told me to stop it when I was whistling ""starman"", I was a bit embarassed xD

But that song is stronger than me :) I just cannot stop loving it.

Bye David."
"so you're saying you facebook stalked all the other potential suspects and found out that one of them is friends with alot of people who are in a fire crew, which makes you think he is, which makes you think he's an expert at burning bodies. got ya."
Winter here too in Chicago....I tell myself at least the days are getting longer to get through it!
"An open sore in you mouth. "
I leave mine to keep going in the basement.  I have had it go more than 6 months.
"Agree with that.  that's why i say still a great signing and fair value.  But my expectations were that he individually would have borderline elite rim protection numbers.  Maybe that was too high expectations.  "
"Because what DH really needs is curbs and for all surfaces to be rock hard.

Fuck I would die."
Dear lord... the amount of times people mistake Obama for the secret service is getting ridiculous
*An* Ashley Olsen. Not the girl from Full House.
[deleted]
"Honestly even though they're terrible movies, he does the best CGI action out of every working director. I love the transformers series simply because of his touch, I can recognize they aren't good but they are incredibly entertaining. "
"No man. Of course she's interested in the idea [and you]. You got her attracted to you  fairly recently and you made those plans within that momentum.

I'm just speaking from experience, having been on both sides of this. People lose interest. Not because of anything bad, just things pop up in life.  This way, you can do the drinks thing, assess where both of you live and see if you can go back to someones place, AND roll with the momentum you just had.

"
This happens to me every so often. Log out of Netflix and log back in. Mine usually stays OK for at least 2 months
"Yeah, nice watch. "
"NO ONE PAY, CLASS-ACTION STATE."
Glad you had a good time. I did this meet last year for my first meet and loved it. Maybe I'll see you there next year.
Wow haha. *shrugs* maybe it would've been much worse!
A++ for your title. I count 3 references to cards in there.
"If its 15 miles you can prob get 300-400 with util (if ur willing to share rooms, even easier). I have a small single room in a house for 515 with util (450 base), but its within 2 miles."
Ergodox with blues. Best keyboard I have ever used.
"Nice try, Uber. "
Thought that was gonna be a hook n ladder. lulz
"You might want to put a spoiler warning 

Also, it isn't clear if it actually happened or Warren made the story up."
This is common practice with them for just about every item on their site.
Can't go wrong with a sneak build(can also use Idiot Savant). Deacon supposedly has the best sneak out of all the companions also.
Foreign policy
hoping some modder/hacker and make it compatable.
It really was
Has this narrative already started? Imagine this game if we had Benji.
"No, it's the ""formula bar"" that would be at the top of the sheet in desktop mode, just sometimes the phone pops up the keyboard automatically and sometimes it doesn't *shrug*"
Big stop here!
"The hell is with the Broncos running backwards so much to start this game? It may not have hurt them yet, but if they keep doing it, it will"
Are those people on ski's?
"I don't disagree, it just seems a bit unnecessary of you to be all ""I HAVE OVER 300 CONFIRMED FACTS IM ABOUT TO TELL YOU!"""
at the end m8
"If you followed politics at all, it wouldn't be laughable to you whatsoever. Every candidate goes left/right for primaries then bolts back to the center for the general. The Hillary hatred here is ridiculous."
Best Score: Junkie XL
"see: fentanyl, oxycontin, morphine, historical medicinal uses of heroin
See also:fun"
Beggars can't be choosers anon.
I guess literally pushing someone into the ground from behind doesn't count as a block in the back anymore.
Thanks!
"If you can swing it, do both. You have it right, though. The carrier car seat is great for being able to take the baby out of the car without disturbing him, but when he outgrows it he will need the other seat. However, if you need to save up some money, this does mean you have some time before you have to own the convertible seat, so you don't have to buy them both at the same time. 

That being said, sorry your registry process was so exhausting. I remember spending 4 hours on our first's registry. I refuse to go back to a Babies R Us still 7 years later. "
"What faction do you play the most?  
  
For ECA turtle pushing is usually the best way, just keep pushing defenses into the enemy further and further.  
GLA usually opens up for some C&amp;C3 style harvester harass (go after the enemy eco fast).  
Russia equals a Scrin-esque playstyle, brutal overrunning strats.  
USA is like playing Starcraft, lots of macro management of unit speciality.  
China is like Russia, sheer numbers and upfront usually works best.
  
"
Well that is enlightening. Anything useful to say or area you sticking with add hominems?
"I wonder if they have that kind in LA? Looks like magic.
"
Neat.
"So no, you ahven't realized that you're the only one whining about apologizing."
"While we're phasing it out, my company and my team used a customer-facing Jive instance for this kind of thing occasionally. I'm not certain if you can with MediaWiki, but if you save stuff as a draft in Jive, it can only be seen by privileged users (I think) until you formally publish it. It's not perfect and a little hacky, but it works."
That could very well be the case. I also know danes that doesn't like salty licorice that much.
Yeah this because most half way decent DDR players are used to having people stand back and watch us. If you don't put a marker or tell me I'm going to assume your a spectator so it's really important to use the next game quarter system.
"Așa era inițial în clip, dar până la urmă, *are* are mai mult sens."
"Did you see his wife? She was way beyond suave in that see through top. "
"Well, Jesus said lots of things."
"&gt;Die „islamische Immigration“ ist geprägt durch „fordernde, den Sozialstaat in Anspruch nehmende, kriminelle, andersartige, frauenfeindliche Einstellungen […] mit fließenden Übergängen zum Terrorismus“

Sarrazin, 2010 in ""Deutschland schafft sich ab""

Und ich hab ihn damals verspottet und als verkappten Nazi bezeichnet... 

Ich wie viele andere Linke mussten es auf die harte Weise lernen."
"What a narcissistic posts. 

The RP is a simple book about women. All successful masters of a craft or a book know when to go by the book and when to not follow to book.

TRP is a general idea of how women think in many instances. Men think way different then women so better understanding their psychology always makes sense even if you are a beta.

Basically if your going to become a musician it would be smart to understand some of the theory. Its possible you can be a great musician by just winging it but clearly learning some theory could help you improve your skills.

"
"Are ring turned out dips much harder than regular ring dips?

-

The gym has the assisted knee platform that pushes me up so basically it makes me weight less so I could use that with one arm dips "
"When I saw the title of your post my initial response was ""Take the Toughness feat"" but I didn't want to just be a prick so this might help: http://www.hp.com/ctg/Manual/c03597013.pdf"
Unless this bitch is Sacrificing herself Selena Gomez and Miley Cyrus to the Music gods to bring back Freddie Mercury to perform Bohemian Rhapsody like he did in Wembley 1986. Then this Bitch can stay where the fuck she is at!!!
"I just ordered 5000 sheets of pure whiteness from Staples. Staples supports KKK? Had no idea. "
Yea Payton sucks
[removed]
Same. They have been doing so much mage stuff lately.
barnett gets the W
"NAME: Matthew Cook
LINK: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbzQQ43EyrU
TIMESTAMP: Whole battle pretty much, its really short
"
"*Through a lot of coughing of blood*

""W-why?"""
"It costs more than incarceration, even for life.

It doesn't deter criminals from doing bad shit.

[Source](https://youtu.be/NaPBcUUqbew)"
What about that time he made 100% of his three point shots agains the sixers?
[removed]
Your team is shit. Your turn
"Well, now I do. Never tried it before."
"The strut failed at 20% of its rated load. Not exactly a SpaceX QA issue, especially since that strut was outsourced."
Isn't that confirmation bias? Prioritizing the results that you were expecting?
not leaving my house because Minnesota thinks it's cool to have a wind chill of under -20 degrees F
"If you're anything close to a baseball fan you'd enjoy MLB: The Show. "
Probably. But that was still just an example of how some people can form very particular notions about bathroom habits.
"Thanks! I guess if it didn't work out I was planning to buy something from David's bridal, but I figured the price was worth the risk. This was also a year before the wedding so I definitely had time if it didn't work out. "
Er det nu jeg bliver iværksætter og åbner en stripklub i Sønderborg?
Not true pacifist. That's neutral
"This looks more like a issue caused when seating/crimping.  I think you might not have gotten all of them trimmed to the proper length.

I've used the same method for shortening .30-06 to 8mm and never had an issue."
"Thank you. Thank you very much. 

Edit: Looks like I'm your bitch now, whatever, I'll just open up my /r/AyyMD propaganda booth while jumping on my to be seen Polaris while nvidia will keep telling you that the Pascal will have to be worse and show off Maxwell cards to the point where you'll get Kepler / Fermi ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯"
"I've seen that interview but he said it as a joke, he actually mentions that we all listen to what FLY says and he is the decision maker "
Bull fucking shit. A reasonable troll attempt considering there was just a question about whether it is really illegal to remove those tags. So I'm sure the morons are enjoying this post but it didn't happen.
"The car was there first, the house grew underneath it and lifted it up over the years."
"* moves relearner - it sucks when you combine mortys and loose your attacks

* more stats diversity - all mortys that I encountered have either all stats at great level or all at bad, some should have strong defence and some should have strong attack

* it can't be improved right now but gameplay doesn't stand out from other weak, mobile productions, when you have discovered all mortys and met all ricks all next stages will be same, annoying maze

* crafting is really annoying, you have to scroll through all use items in order to get to craftables and there is no way to make things faster when you already know recipes

* combining makes your mortys too powerful - yeah, it is very easy to have 24 lvl morty, while your OG one is on lvl 16

* levels of encountered mortys doesn't make sense - when you do only OG morty run, you fight with random trainers that are 6 lvls below yours, boss ricks that are 2 lvls below and then council member that is 3 lvls above yours, then back to easy boss ricks

* exp mechanics are flawed - I mean my 30 lvl morty should need to kill more 20 lvl mortys to lvl up, not 20 lvl mortys should give him literally no exp and you can also cheese this system very easily, if you drop lvl 30 morty's hp to 1 with your 40 lvl morty and then swith to 15 lvl morty and deal death blow, your 15 lvl morty will grow few lvls and also your 40 lvl one will grew 1 lvl or so because he will get fourth of what your 15 lvl gets, not what he would get, this also makes egg difficult to lvl up"
Correction THEY COULD BOTH GO TO JAIL.  She is also guilty of creating and distributing child porn.  Now I am not a lawyer and I am not sure what the statute of limitations is on creating and distributing but he is definitely guilty of possession.  Depending on laws you could be looking at felony charges plus jail time plus having your name on the sex offenders list for life.... In this situation it is somewhat strange because you made the videos together a decade ago but all it takes is an over zealous DA and a good prosecutor and its GAME OVER.  Do yourselves both a favor let him watch it one last time and then burn EVERY PIECE of it and make newer Legal videos if you desire.
"Just wanted to ask, is prison really is how it's portrayed on TV? Are they're constant fights and just neglect from police and other care givers? "
I think Big Ben looks like a chubbier Christopher Meloni.
"Hey acabo de leer que eres español. Puedes esperar a que consiga un par de Luvdisc y me pasas los que te quedan?
Por favor?"
Absolutely. I have had a few games where I'm winning gunfights that there's no way I should have won too. It's pretty common for me to see players jittering and teleporting on this game. Really inconsistent connections. I just keep unplugging and hope the next game is better. Only thing you can do on our end.
"Nah, that's Joe Hart"
Heeeeellpppp
[How 'bout Minny Pops?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fz4bRTB40XQ)
That's a whole lot of east-west for 3 yards
God isn't real. Everything is your own fault. Quit being stupid.
[deleted]
"If he's burnt out at his current job dont encourage him to stay, he'll start to really resent the job and might become unhappy (at least that's what happened to me).
If he's been at his current job for a long time then he's obviously good at his job, there's no reason he'd not pass probation unless he got really unlucky! 
Have you told him your worries?
I'm still on probation at my current job, it hasnt caused me any problems :D (I'm still on probation because my manager is a lazy arse who just hasnt done the paper work, sigh!!)"
[deleted]
"Hey man, I didn't know where else to turn to I'll ask you. Is there a way to remove the feed on this pen?"
Koosta carries harder than Guardian. Liquid should kick Adren and get this guy. Top1 NA guaranteed.
He ain't no Sheasy until he keeps a clean sheet.
"Nah, only 4. There's a chance I could be gone before then, so I thought i'd give them as much notice as possible."
"I would really like to try this sometime.  I guess I could try to map it and after all the work you did writing it up, I hate to ask you to do so but if you end up with an hour to kill, would love to see a map of this.  I am thinking not all the elements might actually show up on Google maps but maybe they would.  If I don't hear from you, I will give it a try, sounds fun!"
"Looking for stuff size 9.5 or 10


And supreme/bape size L or XL"
Same here considering how his body has responded to injuries
I care more about what he has given in charity
"A better line up. 

Gov Ball looks solid however it is lacking LCD and the hip-hop carry-over from Coachella will definitely have me running to Panorama instead. I'm going to wait for the announcement of course, but like others are saying, if I am spending hundreds of dollars I need to have a strong card."
YEp.
His gloves give him the rampage effect
"Holy shit, let it go. You got caught for the dirty players you are. Don't be such babies about it."
"What were your symptoms? Could you feel anything above the skin? "
"Economics in a nutshell. "
"It's part of SegWit, and SegWit is far from straightforward."
[deleted]
NICE CATCH AND RUN!
"It's tough especially with DL not being able to correlate snaps played with a package.  The task quickly gets out of hand because it'd be good to know down and yardage, quarter, opponent's formation, etc.  I'm sure someone has that info but I doubt it's public (PFF?). 

Is there anything that'd help?"
sammy GOATS
You did it because you wanted to run away from life right?
I've been playing since tkk came out and since my first two classes maxed out I havent recieved a green
Ungh that play by CHJ :(
"Broncos player tryna accelerate a Steelers receiver even more. Okay! "
"I forgot? "
they got s1mple
"I used to get dope for $10 a bag when I bought them 10 at a time and $7 a bag when I bought 100.

My buddy and I would go through 100 bags in a week."
"I think this may have been a concious decision by the artist related to how our brains interoperate text. We regocnise the first H as a capital letter because it is at the start of the word, however if the last H was the same it is probable that our brains would not interoperate either and the sign would read EALT. Anyway, this isn't the only inconsistency with this sign it's just generally pretty shitty."
Would you be willing to share the sheet itself?
"NA, 150, Stable (fixed it yesterday)"
"It looks like a pole repair sleeve.  If a pole breaks, you use this to cover the break."
[deleted]
I'll go with Mexican.
"I have a good feeling that they were heavily weighted Bernie supporters but didn't (couldn't) show that on their ""unbiased"" report. "
"It's not a competition. Sure being poor is harder but there are legitimate struggles for the middle class as well and they shouldn't be ignored by simply saying they're shit with money. "
"Our seats were supposed to be in the last row on one side of the entrance ramp. Standing was fine though, since we wound up standing by where everyone was popping their heads out to watch. Mandy Leon came out and was watching near us for a while, which was nice. 

Other than the seating issues, that was a pretty good show."
"I really enjoy rape porn, but that aside the amateur stuff can be fun. There was a girl named Hannah that had a series of videos culminating in a threesome. One of my favorites. Also the ""leaked"" webcam videos from coeds to their boyfriends. Stripping, dancing and masturbating for him, only to have the videos get out. I love the ones with backstory. A pity they seem rarer these days. Snapchat leaks just aren't the same. "
"Nice Response "
I have no problem with fighters using the clinch and wrestling but I don't like when they dont do anything with it and take advantage of a flawed system.
"I feel like I've been dieting for the last 20 years. ha! But yes this is my third week back on the wagon. 

It's funny you mention that because I made the dough to make donuts but realized I didn't have any oil. In a way that would have been worse because my donuts taste a lot better than the ones at the servo so I think I would have eaten more than a few. I made it two days this time before giving in, so I'm hoping you'll be right and eventually I'll be able to hold out and hold out until it just leaves me alone. "
"My first time watching was the Raw after Extreme Rules last year, which was the King of the Ring tournament. WM32 is gonna be my first WrestleMania so I'm hoping it lives up to the hype. "
[removed]
"There are too many to choose but this MIGHT be my top 5

Song Of Healing (MM)

Forest Temple (OoT)

Astral Observatory

Bamboo Island (SS)

The Great Sea (WW)"
This blonde girl with glasses and red dress is so annoying on CNN.
$34.00
"HA!  Yes, I have ancestors who were Daughter of the American Revolution, and I never ""got"" that, either.

I mean, I'm Texan, but the Texan thing's 3/4ths a joke that you use to mess with outsiders."
自然エネルギーが増えたらそれを利用して石油から水素取り出したらGDPは上がるんじゃない？
[removed]
"Återinför dödsstraffet! Framåt Sverige!

/s (verkar behövas här inne)"
"Hello, I'm just here to ask if Elise top lane is a viable option she was my jungle till I pulled up to the island of top lane and I'm wondering if I can bring her with me "
lol
"You don't know what throw means, because that's a thrown game. If you won skins or not out of this, it doesn't even matter. Don't play with those scums anymore dude, and please tell them to stop joining tournaments cause they are a disgrace."
"Fuck you, **Original Moose Tracks** scrub.

[**Classic Espresso** Master Race](http://islandfarms.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/IF-Classic-Espresso.jpg)"
la la la I can't hear you!
1st and 3rd were good. The 2nd was downright horrible again.
Please don't joke about that.  I've got pre-post-traumatic stress disorder just thinking about it.
"I haven't been consistently studying since. Between working full time and DO applications, I've been studying for 1-2 months. Basically all practice. 

I do feel that I'm weak in some sections for chem/physical but bio and especially pysch I feel really strong in. When I come across a concept I'm unsure about I usually google and read it up on it but I'm sure that there's still some I'm unsure of.

I'm considering taking the other AAMC test. It'll cost another a day of studying but I think it may be worth it?
Btw thanks for responding."
"I don't eat candy very often so when candy it's around I always forget that it’s usually not vegan. Any who I went to Tom + Chee for the first time and ordered a vegan grilled cheese. As I'm eating I see a sign for a [grilled donut s’more sandwich](http://bloximages.newyork1.vip.townnews.com/feastmagazine.com/content/tncms/assets/v3/editorial/3/89/389b6398-c9a3-11e4-b78d-b7235f81985c/550318f76fda0.image.jpg?resize=620%2C682)! As soon as I'm done eating I go up to order this thing because it sounds really cool and it's not until the lady asks me what I would like to order that I remember that I am vegan but that sandwich isn't. I then just awkwardly tell her that I've changed my mind and leave the store. "
"""Moon"""
I gave a butter robot to the alíen that ask for a robot and the quest was completed
"Pete Rose had an informal agreement with then-commissioner Peter Ueberroth to accept the lifetime ban with the understanding that it would be lifted after an unspecified amount of time.

Baseball commissioner Ueberroth, according to many people who were actually there, fully intended to re-instate Rose after the bullshit circus died down.  As it happened, Ueberroth stepped down before any of this agreement came to fruition.

Enter A. Bartlett Giamatti.  Giamatti absolutely *hated* Rose and maybe even would have liked to see him hanged.  Okay, that was a bit much; but the fact still remains that he told Rose, ""I don't care what kind of deal you got.  You didn't make it with me.""

As everyone knows, there are signs in every dugout that read ""gambling is prohibited.""  Oh, and ""no pepper.""

Pete Rose is not a stellar person and your distaste for him is very well likely earned.  He broke the rules and got punished.  Should Rose have come clean many years before he finally did?  Christ Almighty, *absolutely.*

On the other hand, the man had an agreement with MLB that insured his return to the fold.  He expected to serve some time as a baseball pariah and then be allowed to come back all full of empty platitudes, insincere apologies and his natural con-man's swagger.

Goddamn, it sounds like I'm against the guy, doesn't it?  I am not.  MLB needs to wipe the slate clean for its all-time hit king.

Pete Rose has suffered enough and should be allowed to come back home.

I am martialling my forces to strike at the first sign of Armageggon.
"
*epic guitar riff*
"if i had to guess id say you just cant identify and relate to it, which is ok. not everything is for everyone"
Does imagining you're a superhero count? If so I do it pretty much all day everyday
"
# *DOWNLOAD MOVIE ""Transformers 2007""  Tubeplus dailymotion 1080p without registering vumoo 720p 480p subtitles*

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description movie **Transformers 2007**:

&gt;  An ancient struggle between two Cybertronian races, the heroic Autobots and the evil Decepticons, comes to Earth, with a clue to the ultimate power held by a teenager.

&gt; .


***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Transformers 2007***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Transformers%202007)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Transformers 2007***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Transformers%202007)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Transformers 2007***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Transformers%202007)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Transformers 2007***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Transformers%202007)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Transformers 2007***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Transformers%202007)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Transformers 2007***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Transformers%202007)
***

&gt; . 

&gt; .transformers 
2007 
target 
exclusives 
scout 
images
Transformers 
Images 
Transformers 
Images 
Pictures 
Photos 
Galleries 
and 
anything 
else 
you 
wanna 
call 
it! 
Welcome 
to 
the 
all 
new 
Transformers 
Images 
Gallery 
at
transformers 
2007 
full 
movie
transformers 
2007 
megatron
transformers 
2007 
trailer
IMCDb.org: 
""Transformers 
2007"": 
cars 
bikes 
trucks 
and
Author 
Message; 
tonkaTRACKER 
2007-01-28 
03:06. 
i 
cant 
wait 
for 
this 
movie: 
badlymad 
2007-01-28 
04:39. 
Also 
a 
2005 
Mustang 
is 
supposed 
to 
be 
one 
of 
the 
antagonists.
transformers 
2007 
shia 
labeouf
transformers 
2007 
scorponok
transformers 
2007 
full 
movie 
in 
english
transformers 
2007 
poster
transformers 
2007 
movie 
megatron
transformers 
2007
transformers 
2007 
movie 
voyager 
class 
optimus 
prime
transformers 
2007 
commercial
transformers 
2007 
cast
transformers 
2007 
brawl 
toy
transformers 
2007 
movie 
clip
transformers 
2007 
scorponok 
scene
transformers 
2007 
transformers 
watch
transformers 
2007 
full 
movies
transformers 
2007-2014 
characters
transformers 
2007 
toys
transformers 
2007 
bumblebee 
cybertron
transformers 
2007 
bumblebee 
vs 
barricade
Transformers 
Images 
- 
TFW2005.COM 
- 
Transformer 
World 
2005
transformers 
2007 
movie 
optimus 
prime 
toy
transformers 
2007 
optimus 
prime
transformers 
2007 
scorponok 
desert 
battle
transformers 
2007 
soundtrack
transformers 
2007 
burger 
king
transformers 
2007 
full 
movie 
online
transformers 
2007 
theme 
song 
1 
hour

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .[FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Indiana.. Jones.. and.. the.. Temple.. of.. Doom.. 1984"".. .. 1280p.. HDTS.. srt.. dubbed.. trailer.. solarmovie](https://www.reddit.com/41hen2),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Sting.. 1973"".. .. sumotorrent.. in.. hindi.. movie4k.. 1080p.. torrentz.. Tubeplus.. DVDRip](https://www.reddit.com/41helt),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Rambo:.. First.. Blood.. Part.. II.. 1985"".. .. butler.. x264.. online.. iPhone.. imdb.. without.. signing.. in.. hindi](https://www.reddit.com/41hequ),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Alice.. in.. Wonderland.. 1951"".. .. torrent.. link.. to.. view.. 720p.. iOS.. streaming.. how.. download](https://www.reddit.com/41hek1),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Goonies.. 1985"".. .. download.. sumotorrent.. megashare.. for.. mobile.. trailer.. 1280p.. yts.. HQ](https://www.reddit.com/41hei2),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Commando.. 1985"".. .. look.. MOV.. vumoo.. butler.. DVDRip.. HDRip](https://www.reddit.com/41heiv),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Donnie.. Darko.. 2001"".. .. BDRip.. iOS.. android.. video.. sumotorrent.. english](https://www.reddit.com/41heei),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""A.. Streetcar.. Named.. Desire.. 1951"".. .. online.. putlocker.. EZTV.. 1080p.. download.. BDRip.. srt](https://www.reddit.com/41hens),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Mystic.. River.. 2003"".. .. srt.. HDTS.. no.. pay.. 720p.. video.. viooz.. link.. to.. view.. streaming](https://www.reddit.com/41he1t)"
[deleted]
"Bowling for Columbine. 

edit: the documentary ""Michael Moore Hates America"" shows that much of the movie had scenes that were set-up.   As well as his use of deceptive editing.

"
may have to do with the fact that Dabuz said that he was bi recently
But Republicans PROMISED it would be $10/gal if we re-elected Obama.
That's bottom choice
"&gt;71% of extreme wealth is derived from either state-dependent industries or inheritance

Free market please save us. /s"
"Hi there, I'm UofTBot. I've been programmed to help: I've located the University of Toronto St. George/Mississauga course page for the course(s) you've mentioned: [CHM138](http://www.artsandscience.utoronto.ca/ofr/calendar/crs_chm.htm#CHM138H1) "
"Man looking for ts in my area.. Hmm... 348 members found. No fucking way!!

Gotta be a scam site. "
Finally some cheap coins.
"he'll get off with a slap on the wrist at worst, because he's fucking Ronda Rousey. "
"Stay optimistic, brother!"
Compare the quality of the matches in Top 8 today to that of Apex 2015. It's actually insane how much better players have gotten in the last year.
"That ass is beautiful "
"Using Akira is cheating. Even now when I rewatch it, I am convinced it is one of the best looking Anime I've ever seen. "
"The Omega logo is there, it's just when you look at it dead on from the top you can't see it due to the light reflection. It's weird but if you see them in person you'd get what I'm saying. It's normal for it to look like that. ALTHOUGH the Omega part should be reflecting in the same way because they should be made from the same material."
[deleted]
[List of buildings voluntarily demolished](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tallest_voluntarily_demolished_buildings)
"Alright Elon Musk. Now land on it. "
quit riding summit1gs dick...
Damn. Fahrenheit or Celsius Fuckall?
"They promoted a series of wrestling shows with the best free agents you can pay for, as well as some great local talent in big venues (that didn't sell out for that reason), and yet they didn't mention the video game? What the heck. I thought the whole point was video game promotion."
"Imagine a grape is a puppy for a second. Now lob the puppies testicles off. Then imagine the dog back into a grape. 

Voila! Seedless grapes"
[deleted]
"[Findation](http://www.findation.com/) is a great resource for this. It won't necessarily find perfect matches, but it's generally close, at least."
THIS IS THE RIGHT ANSWER
"OOC: I don't get it XD

*Sasha laughs*

Yeah it was me!"
"She's just pandering though. Sanders made a good point during the debate, that her bringing up Obama tonight has a lot to do with the locale.

They both want to build on what ACA started, but only one of them is acting as though the other is trying to tear down Obama's legacy. "
"Weird how a year ago I was a fan of TJ, now I can't stand the dude and want Cruz to humble him."
"To be honest considering Inquisition's success, I'd find it hard to believe that they'd decide to gamble so much on a new ip rather than capitalize on a successful series."
"lol only reason that they are considered that in the US is for the tax benefits. They owed the Tax Office something like 1 Bil, as they were not considered a legitimate religion by them. CoS then launched a carbon copy lawsuit against the Office with every single member for something unrelated. I.e 10 members = 10 law suits. As soon as they were recognised as a religion, the whole thing went away."
"I believe they know each other, but they are independent projects."
Here is somethin you can't understand!!!!
[Never forget this classic moment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnT-HBGr5CA)
"My point still stands. Why excel when I can live off someone else's work. I'll just work a mediocre job and get my free handouts until the millionaires money dries up and my taxes start to increase too. "
"Yeah, I thought that ""BFF FOREVER! LOVE YOU, KISS KISS!"" bullshit would evaporate once someone called her on it."
Threw in another $15 for Bernie in honor of my dad. Today would have been his 59th birthday and universal healthcare could have helped him live to celebrate it. Supporting Bernie so that lots more dads can celebrate lots more birthdays. http://imgur.com/NZFuZ0j
"Well I haven't seen episode 6 recently, but assuming Luke didn't tell anyone about Vader's last moments, maybe not? But yeah, definitely seemed like a weird plothole to me too!"
"After following the 1st and 2nd term election of G.W.B. as a non-voter (too young), I lost hope in politics.  Bernie has re-invigorated my interest.  "
"They are accidents... most people dont do it on purpose. And what are these better and safer ways to move people?? Has to be more or the same amount of convenience of a car and price plays a factor as well "
"Well but then Cutwell noticed that both had cheated at the beginning and Ysabell just answers ""Ofcourse"". So he did cheat :P  I guess he could have won more easily then he did, so I guess he gave Mort a fair chaince in a way."
Lol I chortled.
"I don't understand the stat bonus on slayer helm when on task. Where does it say it? Also how does void armour work? What are the stats and what tier is it? "
That's scary to even think about.
The Fountain.
"""Oh my God! They killed Penny!"" 

""You bastards! """
"Hey, I'm a psych major with a sociology minor as well! I found the class because I needed to take an online class to keep my Mondays and Wednesdays free for work. The title of the class definitely caught my eye and I figured that it would be a refreshing lens to study sociology. One thing I love about ASU is that it allows for professors to experiment and be creative with their classes and I feel that it gives students many opportunities to learn about things outside of traditional academia. 

One side note- make sure that at least two of your upper division soc classes are taken on Tempe campus!"
today i learned betting on cock fights is smarter than NACS
bro if TJ comes out to Anaconda by Nicki Minaj....
TSM is looking like fucking ass.
"A product? WTF are you trying to spit?

I'm talking about women in general who wear makeup to the point where they don't even look like the person they are. How is that fair to some guy who is trying to find a woman for a relationship? You start to have feelings for said person and then find out they look nothing like who they appear to be. 

"
"No problem buddy. Where ya from anyways? "
"Tournament stickers (Katowice), Huntsman case, sticker capsule 1 &amp; 2, community sticker capsule (red) all have higher than 500% growth.

These items are actually consumed more often than the gift package as well and I'm sure people who are patient enough with some of the Cologne and Cluj stickers (especially Titan) will be more than happy in a years time.

I picked up more cluj stickers before the holiday spike so thats a decent 100-300% increase in a month, which are likely to have more potential than the gift package in a year."
"Lol pob lucked out? He has always been regarded as top mids na next to berg , so he gets cut and huni rein and turtle all leave or get cut from their teams and think they are lucky to form immortals? Get over yourself "
Looks about like this: http://imgur.com/a/US78K
1/7. I got LeSean McCoy.
"There were actually people who claimed to have gotten religious visions about the world's morality as the mile flash happened. "
"I'd say three is the norm. I've always used three. The only time I've come across opposition of using three has been with the lotus. Some use 2. I always use three. 

Edit: three naturals that is."
"I agree, this crisis is different. Other crises came seemingly out of nowhere - very few people anticipated the 2008 collapse.

Either everyone is wrong, or everyone is right and this is going to be a whopper."
[deleted]
i use it in a ipv d2 so none of the added mech issues with this one
"Amazing! Those are awesome and so hard to get ahold of. I'm happy for you! &lt;3 "
"No problem! I think you'll find that when you start branching out and doing more things without her, it will be easier for the two of you to reconnect. It sounds like you've been putting a lot of weight on that one relationship and, even though it wasn't your intention, it put some strain on it. Good luck!"
I want that knife https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=92440263&amp;token=UXfKp3HP
Also cup check
Check out the thread from this week on askreddit about people leaving jobs. The gilded ones give a lot of hope.
Which one was it?
Bought the last one. Sorry gang.
"Transition existing prison infrastructure and staff to make it possible. You'd need a tenth as many guards/COs. Offer former COs jobs monitoring the inmates, and hire to fill any additional demand. Remember, prison construction and maintenance is horrendously expensive."
"Me too "
Good luck trying to cancel your service.
"There wasn't dark. The first flame appears. We get disparity, hot, cold etc.

""And then,"" which qualifies time. Meaning afterward, ""from the dark They came"". Cut to hollows appearing on screen. ""And found the souls of Lords in the flame"". Which means the souls were in the flames so the souls existed before hollows. 


https://youtu.be/eLaCmCxb4tA"
"Hey you're our neighbors :)

- Caileta "
"I wouldn't even try to pull that off with a FWB, let alone a committed girlfriend.

Imagine if the roles were reversed and your girlfriend started comparing your penis with a friend of hers.. "
[deleted]
"It makes me like Curry more honestly "
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2Nx13eWyVQ
 This prankster proves humanity is alive and well! 
"
"Holy shit. You lost an entire person in SIX MONTHS!? 

Damn girl. Keep kicking ass!"
"Cypress Hill and RHCP boring? What the hell are your taste man? "
Store is up with lanyards listed!  http://www.gossamerchains.com/
Is that Bill Clinton on the bottom shelf lol. Cuz that's what really caught my attention. That's one sweet collection for.
"I would've been doing that nerd hunch over the test paper move and when she be like ""I thought we had a deal"", I'd say ""I have yet to feel some titty"""
Is she hot?
"So you expect the government to be 100% accountable for your safety?  You strike me as a libertarian, but I've never heard a libertarian express such faith in the government.  You want the government to change your daipers while they're protecting you from the consequences of your antagonistic free speech?  Hey, why not go to Nutty Blocc in Compton and tell the CRIPS that they suck?  We live in a country of laws, I agree you should be protected from violence.  Will you?  Your safety can't always be guaranteed. "
graduate college and have a full time job lined up
"i have done that so many times
it is painfull when you're conditioned to grab the polaroid automatically"
"The Gatherer ruling on Howl of the Horde begs to differ

edit. and i am a tool. thanks for not being more rude, I expected more"
"ouch
"
This is EA's way of saying fuck you and buy some stamina.
"No. They're not getting rid of iAd, just the iAd App Network. That's the part where app developers go to buy ads slots that promote their apps.

Even if they were totally killing iAds, that wouldn't stop them selling ad slots for iTunes Radio. "
Thank god. *I am no longer alone.*
"Make sure your mom isn't in the room when you watch it. "
Scroll down past pictures for dance practice and BTS clip
"What would likely happen:

Bubba Joe misses with his Wal-Mart Springfield knock-off and unnamed terrorist proceeds to gun him down.

The hero complexes of these folks is astounding."
"[PCPartPicker part list](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/p/29kPRB) / [Price breakdown by merchant](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/p/29kPRB/by_merchant/)

Type|Item|Price
:----|:----|:----
**CPU** | [Intel Core i5-4690K 3.5GHz Quad-Core Processor](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80646i54690k) | $308.50 @ shopRBC 
**CPU Cooler** | [Noctua NH-U12S 55.0 CFM CPU Cooler](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/part/noctua-cpu-cooler-nhu12s) | $79.95 @ Amazon Canada 
**Motherboard** | [ASRock Z97 Anniversary ATX LGA1150 Motherboard](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/part/asrock-motherboard-z97anniversary) | $89.50 @ Vuugo 
**Memory** | [Crucial Ballistix Sport 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR3-1600 Memory](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/part/crucial-memory-bls2kit8g3d1609ds1s00) | $95.98 @ Amazon Canada 
**Storage** | [Samsung 850 EVO-Series 250GB 2.5"" Solid State Drive](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/part/samsung-internal-hard-drive-mz75e250bam) | $109.05 @ Vuugo 
**Video Card** | [Asus GeForce GTX 970 4GB STRIX Video Card](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/part/asus-video-card-strixgtx970dc2oc4gd5) | $445.00 @ Canada Computers 
**Case** | [NZXT S340 (White) ATX Mid Tower Case](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/part/nzxt-case-cas340ww1) | $97.00 @ Vuugo 
**Power Supply** | [Corsair Professional 750W 80+ Gold Certified Semi-Modular ATX Power Supply](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/part/corsair-power-supply-hx750) | $139.88 @ Canada Computers 
**Monitor** | [BenQ XL2730Z 144Hz 27.0"" Monitor](http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/part/benq-monitor-xl2730z) | $649.98 @ NCIX 
 | *Prices include shipping, taxes, rebates, and discounts* |
 | Total (before mail-in rebates) | $2044.84
 | Mail-in rebates | -$30.00
 | **Total** | **$2014.84**
 | Generated by [PCPartPicker](http://pcpartpicker.com) 2016-01-18 00:05 EST-0500 |"
"https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackPeopleTwitter/comments/41gmgq/i_swear_to_god_i_feel_like_death_is_fucking/
nice"
Definitely not 3 seconds.
"You just go to the market/bank place in any town and claim it there. It's instant, as in you can buy it off the market and claim it there right away."
Such a cute family.
Don't you just love Minnesota? Lol so glad I didn't have to go out today
"Elder Scrolls Online Game Director, Matt Firor, has laid out the road ahead for 2016. Stay tuned for our analysis of the points he brought up, plus reaction to points covered on “ESO Live”, our ‘Week in Game’, all of our lore centered topics and your emails! ESOTR is back!"
"National Nurses United.  They're a Union-funded PAC, funded entirely by the union dues of working people.

Sanders has dealt with this question many times in his political career.  In his book, Outsider in the House, he says this:

&gt;While I will not accept PAC money from corporate america, I will gladly accept PAC contributions from organizations fighting to improve life for ordinary people. Over the years, my campaigns have received strong financial support from PACs associated with organized labor, the environment, women, senior citizens, human rights, and the needs of children. That is continuing in this campaign. The general ignorance surrounding the issue campaign financing is frustrating. My opponents call me a ""hypocrite"" for accepting PAC money. How can I accept PAC money, they say, and then claim I am fighting against ""special interests""? Isn't a PAC, by definition, a ""special interest""? Aren't all PAC contributions the same? Does it make any difference who the PAC represents? Such questions, which are repeated ad nauseam in the media, reflect a lack of understanding of the role of money in politics. So, let me be very clear about this. I do not believe that working people are a special interest. I do not believe that hungry kids are a special interest. I do not believe that fighting for the right of women to control their own bodies is a special interest. I do not believe that protecting the environment is a special interest. Believe me. The problem with Washington, and politics in the United States, is not that ordinary people have too much power and influence. It's not that too much attention is being paid to low-income children. It's not that the needs of the rich and large corporations are ignored. The problem, for those who have just crawled out from under a rock, is that groups representing the wealthiest people in this country are able to decisively influence the legislative process so that public policy reflects the interests of the privileged few and not the needs of the general population. And if you don't understand this simple fact, you haven't a clue as to what politics in America is all about."
You live a pretty selfish life if the only thing in politics you are worried about is how much in taxes you pay.
"Agreed. 500 ml is on its way to me. "
"It is way better in my experience, but I have only used the da Buddha with glass, and a crafty without glass. This is constantly said on this sub, but I'll say it again: desktop is a whole new level. Unless portability is a necessity(which it often is), definitely go with a desktop unit. I haven't used one, but log vapes are really popular around here these days. For those I would check out the enano and underdog, they also attach to glass easily.  "
"Some patches give people awful fps, some dont. People with an identical setup to me can get 35 fps, while i get 90. "
"Life experience? Pretty much every thing to do with romantic relationships. From asking a girl to dance as a kid right through marriage. 

Other than a few awesome moments with wife (who I married partially because of those moments) it's always felt like *I* have to be the one taking a chance and females get just chillax, enjoy the attention and decide who to say yes to and who to emotionally crush.

And I know women will go on about being pursued by creeps etc, but as a socially awkward guy who doesn't have a great body/looks, low self-esteem and serious social anxiety....... it's like bitching to people starving to death that you have too much to eat. Bitch I would KILL to have that problem."
"thanx I have seen Eyes Wide Shut and agree with you, is pretty good.
I will search the warmest color."
"So, I'm new to CS:GO but is Shazam considered the best player on this team?  I'm just curious really.  I'm enjoying watching the matches, CSGO is super entertaining."
"You're definitely being reasonable.  I went to an expensive private college and being able to graduate debt-free made a huge difference in my post-graduation career plans.  Many of my friends had to immediately start worrying about making money.  By the time they paid off their loans, they were married or had kids, so they never really had the freedom to explore different careers, which has been really valuable for me.  

It seems unusual to me that your boyfriend doesn't want to save money for his children.  Does he feel the need to spend all his money on himself?  Is he good with saving money in general?  I think the issue here is really more about financial management than it is about taking care of your children.  

EDIT: I really can't emphasize this enough: you are NOT being unreasonable wanting him to help pay for their college.  I also think the decision on how many kids to have should be coupled with the decision on how much money the two of you are willing to save.  "
"Thanks for the input hey man. Really appreciate it.

*Meant to edit my comment but deleted it :$ reposted the edit below for those following the parent chain.*"
"I'm Canadian, and all I know about Mormons comes from South Park. "
Bun Central is situated just outside Cambridge ;)
Have owned one before and the last e is floating on this hoodie
"Your post/comment has been removed for the following reason(s):


- Rule 2 - This is not a straight LFG. You must demonstrate intent to learn in each post. Flawless and Lighthouse are not guaranteed, and your post cannot expressly ask for these in particular.

Your joke is not funny, and neither are you. We don't carry, and pretending to be a ""dying boy"" just to get to the lighthouse isn't acceptable here, and isn't anything to joke about.



---

For more information, see our rules in the sidebar. *[Message the Mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/CrucibleSherpa&amp;subject=My submission was removed&amp;message=I have a question regarding the removal of this [submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/CrucibleSherpa/comments/419t5u/lfsps4_dying_little_boy_just_wants_to_get_the/\):) if you feel this was in error*. Thank you!"
"When people say they know Steven is guilty/innocent because they've read through the transcripts, what the hell have they been reading? "
Thanks for the kind words! I just try my best to help people talk things out :)
It's statistically unlikely that I'll be as successful as I want to be. Obviously I ignore this because you cannot succeed if you deem it impossible.
"Make the kid look worse than you, maybe make up a story and tell their parents first."
"Trump was a legendary strongman before he got into real estate. "
"What color are your pubes?  And do you glow under black lights?  (sorry,  saw a picture of this and wondered if all albino have that) "
"Oh please no.  "
Is Jolteon HA?
I haven't heard that. Hope it's not the fullback...
"Nice to see a fellow trinidadian invent something "
Are there any good alternatives to r/WorldNews?
[deleted]
not all heroes wear capes
"I've been trolling Sanders for president using my husband's account. He happens to be the one who picked obama and now sanders as his choice in the primaries. If not for him, I don't think I would have looked at Sanders, or even paid much attention at all to the primaries, not because I don't care, but because I didn't think there could be a candidate like him. I saw Sanders speech at Liberty college and that blew me away. He was saying everything I believe in. Then I read his biography and how consistent he has been fighting for the same issues even when no one was talking about them and it wasn't politically expedient. I've always been a socialist at heart, and used the L word proudly as well as calling myself a feminist when it wasn't all that popular anymore (1990s) and I've been a loyal democrat, who has been sad that my own party wasn't fulfilling it's liberal foundations."
"[[Rending Volley]]

As long as 1 red was left up, they can't safely combo."
"The word you are looking for is ""gigil"" in Tagalog. Basically being at odds with a nurturing/destructive instinct, e.g cuteness aggression where you want to both bite and snuggle a baby."
Just Read the Script....watched the trailer again afterwards.  There has clearly been some story changes and edits since that script.  I can see how they easily could tie this into Cloverfield with some changes.
Pretty sure I've seen articles that point out a majority of Trump's fans do not go to college or have a higher education.
I watched the entire thing... I totally agree: coerced and intimidated.  Those detectives must be so proud of themselves.
"Vouch, Great leader"
"I'm sure it's a lot of help and huge improvement over just stock. "
"I just wouldn't... I've done it once before I never again.

If I were you I would just tell you don't believe in all that commercial shite and you don't need to be told by Clintons cards how and when to show your love. Then what I would do is book a restaurant for like, a week or so before.

Reccomendations.

Electric east when it reopens : https://www.facebook.com/ElectricEast

Peace and loaf

El torrero or El coto

Marco Pierre Whites

House of Tides

Dabbawhal is really nice is you fancy Indian, that or Akhbars.




"
"Sam clings to you gently, sliding so his butt was touching your hand. He giggles."
"&gt; what was he supposed to do when those women did that? punch them in their faces and yell obscenities at them?

Not let them take over his mic and then call his supporters racists.

[Bernie doesn't have a history of being kind to hecklers/protesters.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vf2cCdgwgoM)

I am not going to lie I felt really bad for Bernie. He's a well known ass but he looked so damned terrified when they took over his mic and started screaming at him."
at least navi will have inflated odds against fnatic now lol
"No problem

Im 13 and found out by myself but no problem :D"
"First one's with afrocentrism, it's some weird new revisionist movement that claims that african and black people in general were more involved in history than we thought, such as by being egyptians instead of the normally depicted arab/mediterranean person. It's fucking dumb.

As for the second one, it's just the general gender discussion. Since I saw the flags it seems this was posted in /pol/(politically incorrect), a very conservative board that tries to spin current events in the most offensive manner, people there support donald trump and such."
"&gt; This happens several times with several content creators until a few of them start saying listen if you won't restrict you can't have our content anymore... 

What Netflix should be doing in this instance is telling you to go fuck yourself. Either you sell them the rights to distribute globally, or you don't get that particular bucket load of money. 

At one time it would have been understandable that Netflix would agree to whatever it took to get your content, because more content equated to more subscribers. They needed you more than you needed them. This isn't the case any more. Netflix has become the go-to name in streaming services. There is no better way to get your content in front of **paying** viewers than to get it on Netflix.  

The reality is, if you don't sell the rights to Netflix, you aren't going to pick those paying viewers up from a different service. You're going to lose them to piracy... and we all know how successful content creators have been at putting an end to piracy.  Netflix has proven that consumers are happy to pay for a service delivered in a format they want, for a price that is fair (on demand, easily transported anywhere). What consumers don't want is being strong-armed into paying too much for a service that doesn't meet their needs (overpriced cable/satellite packages, not available on demand, and not easily transported). 

Content creators should be bending over backwards to get access to Netflix's global distribution network, not threatening to walk away because they're trying to double-dip by selling the same content with exclusivity restrictions to multiple distributors. And Netflix should grow a set and realize they have the upper hand here. 
"
He's got that amphetamine energy
"Oh awesome. I must have misread or gotten bad information about the vsync earlier. Thanks for the help. I'll let you know if that worked. 

If the monitor is 60hz though, it will cap at 60 fps regardless?"
"Okay, even if I concede that the statistic may not be accurate (which I still think it is arguable), sexual harassment and rape is still a major issue in the United States. "
"Ignorant? Just because we don't share moral and economic values does not mean we are ignorant. Most of us are very well informed, compared to your average Sanders voter who is a college kid."
I personally think the game is trash but I know that the graphics are better on PC than they are on xbox and ps4. Its a clear difference. Now the game is still shit on any version and the online modes on PC are much worse than other versions BUT the PC versions has xbox and ps4 beat when it comes to graphics
Jepalov (53) or Langlois (86) would also be my guesses.
"Yeah, not looking forward to more SOL...."
"+1 je taffe aussi dans le machine learning et je bidouille de loin en robotique. Pas mal de boulots peuvent etre effectivement remplacés.
Mais c'est juste une acceleration, le nombre de fois ou dans des boites ou des administrations j'ai vu des postes ou des taches que l'on pouvait automatiser mais que la force d'inertie refusait.

Le probleme (selon moi) va etre deux choses :

1 en france on a mis la valeur travail au centre de tout, quand tu dragues quelqu'un les premieres questions qu'on te pose c'est quel est ton boulot. On demande le boulot AVANT les loisirs en france, on te définit par le boulot. Tu as d'autres pays ou les gens parlent de leurs loisirs avant le boulot. Remettre en cause la valeur travail ca va etre difficile, je vois pleins de gens et notamment des cadres supps faire masse d'heure car c'est leur fierté ou on leur a mis ca dans le crane (suffit de voir le presenteisme en france) ou le vendredi aprem ou lundi matin quand tout le monde fait semblant de bosser.

2 quid a faire du temps lire ? se cultiver reflechir ? Je ne sais pas si c'est un complot mais occuper les gens je pense que ca arrange beaucoup beaucoup de monde, ca evite de reflechir a pleins de problemes imho et de voir le monde tel qu'il est. Pas sur que nos dirigeants aient envie de personnes qui reflechissent , sinon on aurait investit plus dans l'education et on l'aurait un peu modifié."
"Ofc its not fine to throw trash everywhere, but will anyone say something directly to the one who did? I doubt so because they want to avoid problem/confrontation since it doesn't target you directly. Same as ""human excrement"" example.

 About the line example, it isnt good because the guy is basically taking your place, make it targets you directly, so you feel the urge to tell hm.

About ""people take care of that"", i have seen people with that thought more than enough, especially in in-development countries.

Also lets stop, this isnt getting anywhere."
12k student loan? That's so cute!
Yeah but then Snoke wouldn't need the map to find Luke Skywalker.
Here's a question about the dog metaphor - how do sons view mothers? Are they somehow different? Or do mothers just have no respect ? Or do sons view mothers and grandmothers no differently than dogs?
Take the ferry to Bohol first. Then another to Camigan once you're done. Then your surfing in Siargao. The Philippines is amazing.
Without a doubt it is the latter.  The Cons have made it clear that they prefer FPTP.  The only reason they claim to want a referendum is because it sounds like they care about a democratic process to decide the issue.  Their real reason is so they can muddy the debate with their *boogieman* arguments in the hope it will instill fear so Canadians will be too scared to change.  Fear mongering is their MO.  This is the only reason I am against a referendum.  I do not want the CPC to have the opportunity to railroad positive change.
"God, you and me both."
"Hm, I may not be the best person out there to give advice, but I think honestly it seems like he might just need some time to fully process it.

I hate to say it, but being trans really sort of is ""taboo."" That doesn't mean I think it *should* be, but we can't ignore that society generally doesn't look too favorably upon us, being avoidant at best and hateful and downright murderous at worst.

It seems to me like he just doesn't really understand a lot about the subject, besides knowing the gist of it and what society has said about us (i.e. misinformed cis people about us). Time will probably help, but I think he may just need to learn a bit more. Granted, based on his reactions, it would seem he doesn't quite feel comfortable talking about it. You could maybe get your sister to try explaining to him more about what it means, and how you will be understanding.

It sucks, but transition is a process. For everyone. And everyone reacts in their own way. The fact that he said he'll still love you is a promising sign that he cares about you, but I feel like he thinks the whole thing is probably ""weird."" Which, though it is unusual, it would help immensely (I think) if you could get him to see that you're still you, just now you're a more complete version of the same you.

Sorry if that isn't too helpful. There are people in my life who seem to love me all the same but are a bit awkward about the whole situation. For some it's just hard to really understand when coming from a place of misunderstanding us."
"When I was younger (like 3-5) my dad put me in a little toy tank and let me roll down a small hill (like no more than my foot to my knee height)

However one time if not they only time - idk, it buckled and I flipped out of it and somehow got a cut on my [Using This Picture](http://hocochiro.com/wp-content/uploads/neck-muscles.jpg) as a diagram, the curve part of the neck/chin when they meet.

Dad didn't clean it properly, eventually it got infected and I had to have surgery on it. 

I'm was too young to remember any of it now, but I still have the scar, its faint but still noticeable when looking now. "
"Hey there, seems you forgot your trade URL. Please add it to your post and reply with 'Done' after you have done so. I will automatically approve your post next time my server allows me to!

-------------------------------------------------

^^^^Interested ^^^^in ^^^^your ^^^^own ^^^^bot? ^^^^Click ^^^^[here](https://www.reddit.com/r/buyabot/) ^^^^to ^^^^get ^^^^started."
"When you create your own tournament you can create it with 2 to 32 teams. you can set the date it starts and name and then create it, once created you can add or remove restrictions like map and server.

Here is a full list with what can be edited.

http://puu.sh/my93z/6846f7f430.png

You can then share the URL and let the people you want to check in.

If something breaks, (scores arent updating or not getting a server) or something like that, you can always call live support and they will be able to help you. "
The birth control point is a good one. Every hormonal birth control I've ever been on has turned me into a complete psycho. I have depression issues to begin with and bc just intensified A LOT
Well in our case it was the Cassell advantage ;)
Holy shit lol
"Bumping only causes you to skip your Action Step. Likewise the same for being on an obstacle. As long as you are not stressed, you are allowed to take free actions while you are touching another ship, or overlapping an obstacle."
Miles Davis... Guy even made peeing in your own pants cool
Epic! Hype train borded!
"The first match I played was a highlander match on swiftwater. I was a spy. Obviously because I was used to annihilating people in pubs, I felt like shit after the match. But looking back on it, I did okay :D"
That's a good and positive way to look at it. Thank you.
"I don't get it, what am I missing?  Is it just that he's using a hoverboard?"
Mother of God.
Uhh... And I suck well... So I think we can fix that needy tool together
"Trading is excellent on BGG and very easy. I've done about 56 trades, and almost all have been perfect. Some people send a message first and some send the request first. Mostly, people just never respond to either one, but sometimes you'll get lucky. "
Ka-sha!
"If it's a minor scuff or scrape, nothing. If the bot is doing major damage to the boulder, like gouging it or taking chunks out, the bot is disabled."
"These are all great but, I want to hear from some females perspectives, so I have something to jerk off too..."
"That sure is a lot of dickheads to criminally charge, prosecute, and throw in jail.

A.lot.of.them."
I'd agree to an extent. Although his play action deep ball can be a thing of beauty. Definitely reminds me of Flacco
[deleted]
"yep, potato quality but still a good POV of the approach"
"Sorry, didn't realize you were OP"
[deleted]
its 5 years old doe
"As has been said elsewhere, creepiness is subjective. That being said, they haven't even met yet, and look at the messages he is sending. It's completely over the top, and absolutely warrants the designation creepy.

I'm not a fan of creep-shaming, but this guy is earning it."
"Since we are talking about win 10...am I better off with 10 or 7 for a strictly gaming computer. I have 10 on it now, just wondering if I'm losing out by not having 7 instead "
"1) Both the Caterer and hall were booked 18 months in advance. They are not affiliated.
2) The internet/Their Website 
3) Size (can hold all my guests) let me bring my own caterer
4) No. 
5) I've used the Wedhappy app, and I have a knot account. 
6) For the Knot: there aren't enough entries for my area for it to be worthwhile. I haven't really used it. The Wedhappy app helps keep track of tasks/ to-do lists. "
"I could have made it longer yes but i felt that adding these other clips i had took away the real *vibe* from the videos flow :/ Sorry to disappoint you D; "
That do explain that part :P
Lost it at Mr. Olson.
"Would you prefer that the police sit back and do nothing, then?
"
what's your offer?
"Weird, uncanny Valley shit"
Definitely
Sounds like Glasgow.
"No, she is a girl with girl parts but she identifies as a guy"
[removed]
Tfw not available in my region
"I'm a programmer and I just realized what I sound like when I explain what I do to other people. You said an entire sentence where I thought to myself ""wtf is he even talking about."" "
"That guy is insane haha.. It was crazy too because the fight started to rise toward the top rows. Random people were fighting in the stands. "
That's an awesome idea!
"I know, right? However, if I could control Comcast, I would make it suck less."
This is fabulous!! Really great story!
Ours are new so my opinion is based mostly on visual inspection. Do you have any specific complaints?
"The waves aren't very hard, but unforgiving if you fuck up. That's all. Now imagine having to do an hour of ""easy"" prep to get through the cave waves just to **try** the new boss/boss waves. You'd have to invest an hour of your time just to get any practice in on the new boss/boss waves, and that's just a waste of time. It's not hard, it's not ""more challenging"", it's just a time sink.

Also, people think it's just a rip off of RS3 being a new Tzhaar boss for BiS capes.

I think instead of making it tedious, they need to actually make it challenging. They need to put in some real effort and make these capes something you truly earn. They also need to be more original."
It was impossible to completely sumberge yourself there
"""Stop annoying me"" is not a tip. Nobody's reading this and thinking ""hey, they're right, that *would* save time!"""
[deleted]
This a hard one but probably BioShock Infinite followed closely by Witcher 3and Halo 3.
[removed]
The Little Engine That Cam't Even.
"Both of my kitties have runny eyes + nose. Last year it was so bad brought them to the vet for a steroid shot. Vet also gave them kittie equivalent of baby benadryl "
"&gt; why would you sort by the first initial, first name

First rule of Lists On The Internet, if you put the items in any order at all you will have people complaining about the order rather than discussing the things on the list.  

Alphabetical order is the least controversial option."
[deleted]
Move to Wisconsin!!! Buy /u/rural_npc s farm
[deleted]
Thanks! I'll have a look
"He is directly hinting how shit France would do without PSG. I was blatantly saying that France would also look like shit without the other teams. "
"Where the hell do you get the number 12? 

And 2 cameras can be set up similar to recommended Lighthouse setup and achieve roomscale. "
Hyka made it to 14.  She was a petite Basset though.  Smaller dogs tend to go longer than bigger dogs.
Saekano is about making games?
like twin
"Actually a sooty diesel is just running rich ant it won't damage the engine, it's just awful for fuel economy. Running lean will fuck your engine though."
"I'd hate to just leave you with a link, but I can find no better way to explain something I've already covered before. The British 14th army's transformation under Field Marshal William Slim is definitely worth examining in the light of the British army getting things ""right"". From getting things handed to them quite severely by the Japanese in 1941 and 1942, the British Army in Burma went through a dramatic transformation, culminating in the fantastic Burma campaign of 1945. [I've written a mini-bio on Bill Slim here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/3gyzs2/osprey_publishing_pacific_war_megathread_contest/cu2vles), but I would be more than happy to answer any particular questions you might have on the British army in Burma."
"Highly relevant video 
[The Shandification of Fallout](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvwlt4FqmS0) by MrBtongue

On what made New Vegas so great (and comparison with the ""pre-modern post-modern"" novel Tristram Shandy)"
"This seems like an over reaction.

You can't roll a die or randomly determine match results.

If you and your partner want to roll dice to see who takes home prizes you've already won, or who gets to keep what cards, there's no issue- it's outside of a tournament."
"&gt; When the whale realized it was free, it began swimming around in circles, according to the rescuers. Moskito said it swam to each diver, nuzzled him and then swam to the next one."
"Goes to show how difficult it is to make compelling television. "
Well be my guest! I am not doing that anymore sorry
Have a good one... maybe someone else will post a link
You do so.
I check baka-update and this only has 3 volumes . Do you have the feeling like it got axed ?
"Tampon tea isn't self explanatory? 

You say ""fuck the sewers"" and flush that shit."
"I'm glad to see I'm not the only one with this problem. I placed 2 dragon coins and 60 infinium on the market and they just aren't even showing up. Old stuff that I posted ages ago are on there but not this new stuff. Until they fix this stupid bug, people should avoid the market. I want my 2 coins and infinium back lol."
"Salami on Italian, Pepper Jack Cheese, Banana Peppers, Lettuce, Chipotle Sauce"
You're right.  Border posts.  Derp.
"Honestly, when i made the Spurs-Leicester match thread there wasn't a single downvote until half time when i had to leave. Every time i post Serie A content it always gets downvoted by someone, no matter how much effort i put in"
"Yes i have actually, it helps a looooot. But that's not the point, this mod still lowers the shadow distance, and it's crazy that in a game that looks like this, in some places your FPS goes to sometimes even as low as 15 FPS because you have your shadow distance on ultra or high. This is horrible optimization, and all i heard from bethesda is ""The game runs fine"" and they said that even about the console version of the game. So basically they give 0 fucks about this.
So, i compare this game to The Witcher 3, a game that runs on ultra on my card with 0 problems, so how is that Fallout 4, a game that looks like it's from 2010 runs so poorly? Reason = Bethesda/Nvidia."
I'd kill for just one more very special episode.
"Free. "
How is that stuff? Can you actually carve?
"I'm extremely glad other people are having the same problem. Really thought my deteriorating sanity was manifesting itself into wooshes and bleeps in my music. Will try CBR instead of VBR. Thank you to everyone in this thread. "
To hell with flavor! Haha. Im looking for those MASSIVE clouds to beat these MASSIVE guys I have to deal with! Ill vape pure VG if I have to! I need to win this!
"Bueno, cuando leí que Oriol Junqueras abdicó de su alcaldía hace unos días, me pregunté si es el recambio preparado para esta situación."
\#56InchRocks
"Alright, thanks! Apologies if this is a stupid question, but what's the difference between the expansion and the content pack? Should I get both of them?"
Proportional representation and Federalism. Still great ideas. :(
Added your girl beautiful Ass nice wet pussy amazing
Nice comparison. The backlit keyboard in the x230 is also a great option.
Could you tell me why a constant velocity particle would be felt in real time? Could it be that its simply moving at the same speed as its wave?
"&gt; Edit 4: PUT IN YOUR SECOND GUESSES!

93"
"Messaging a guy online.

We weren't flirting or anything, but I was talking about a lot of personal stuff with him. I generally don't talk about things like that with a male friend, so it felt a bit dishonest to me."
"Absolutely gorgeous! What girl wouldn't want that! Hehehe. "
"You clearly didn't read my comment. I'm not f2p, as I get the 7-day crystal boosters. Thing is, f2p players who DID know what they were doing from the start, could have been at higher ranks from the beginning, which results in higher crystal gains than me, someone who does pay (not that much I must say, like €20 a month, but it's something)"
"*Quiet.*

""R-...really?  You mean it?"" *He kisses the back of her hand gently.*"
"Plus, he's in California a lot as it is. He's not always in Vancouver. "
[deleted]
I believe so. Thought the same thing.
Nailed it right there
She is Hot and sexy
"My condolenses on being banned from /r/gangstalking. I was banned too. We did not violate any rules.

Could you please submit your removed post to /r/undelete and edit your comment to include the URL?

Thanks for recommendation to soak in hot water. See posts on epsom salt and baking soda baths:

You are right water partially shields. See posts on wall of jugs of sea water:"
"Bullshit, else so many people wouldn't have whined about things like nova launcher taking a whole fucking week to switch over. "
is that before or after the Great Race War of 2016?
"692,055 &lt;3"
"FINALLY. I don't care about the price, I just want to know when I can get the damn thing. "
"Had a sour ale with a miracle berry tablet this week. It was really, really good. Tasted something like a cross between champagne and hard cider."
"That could definitely be their reasoning behind not revealing the studio. I just know, personally, I'd be more excited about 'FMP brought to you by KyoAni or Bones' for sure, rather than 'FMP brought to you by TBD', with the potential for a nameless studio doing it on the cheap, regardless of timing."
[removed]
[Yeah totes](https://i.gyazo.com/5e890915fe9693de9f44071f082aa4cc.png)
"I absolutely second the baby probably moving a ton but you can't feel it. I have what I think is the laziest little potatoe in utero. Couple minutes of movement at a ridiculous time in the morning and that's about it. No amount of OJ,sugar or cold water make her move. We did our 3D ultrasound yesterday and she was moving up a storm, but I couldn't feel a single thing. Rolling over,arms moving up and down, yawning, but I didn't feel anything.

After a couple weeks of getting used to feeling her, then not feeling her for a few days it becomes less of a worry, or it did for me at least. "
"Oi.  I am very attracted to Benedict Cumberbatch's Sherlock Holmes, but he would be a *complete* asshole to be in a relationship with.  "
If you have to ask why then maybe DIY is not the sub for you.
"This shoe really needs that red pull tab, You made a smart decision going with that one.

How comfortable are these? I want an all-black runner and like the looks of these."
"Your submission has been automatically removed due to an indirect link to a hosted image.

Please be considerate of mobile and RES users, and resubmit your post as a direct link.

 For your convenience, here is your submitted link with .jpg and .gif file extensions appended to the end. Please see if one works, and re-try your submission with one of the following links:

* http://imgur.com/pvTCkTC.jpg
* http://imgur.com/pvTCkTC.gif

If the above links do not work, right-click on your image, select *Copy Image URL*, and paste that into the reddit submission page.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/meirl) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Search your feelings, you know it to be true?"
"You can't just return 7 cards you water-cooled "
"Super Time Force Ultra.

Dishonored.

Arkham Asylum and City.

Evoland 2.

Deus Ex: Human Revolution."
"Moms hated it back in the day. It was our dads letting us watch it usually. That's how it went for my friends and I. "
"billige Herrenmenschenmentalität!  "
"Just take Lawlers approach and stop sparring. One more injury and he is done. Guy has been off so long it's sad. "
Dismissal or Tempo Flurry are money with SP.
This gif is beautiful.
"Skype username: Jay_byrdz

Add me guys, I NEED people to practice with. Always down to play.
I run Standard, Modern, and Legacy."
"It was awl a dream, I used ta read Duelist magazine, Sneak n Show vs D&amp;T up in the limousine"
"Ultimately i want to drag the green food back to the blue base and then destroy it. I could do it here - https://gist.github.com/Arbane5/c34a50bacc9352531110 -without an array of greens, in this case they where called food, and it work perfectly. There one in this case but i had four working just as good. "
"True, but the plan could have a downside too"
"It's costumed characters of them at Disneyland Paris. I don't mind Baymax and Yokai but the ones with human faces creep me out "
"This guy: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mario_Kindel%C3%A1n

Two time Olympic gold medalist, victories over: Felix Trinidad, Miguel Cotto, Amir Khan and Andreas Kotelnik"
Play Face Hunter and you can have that topdecking experience over and over and over.
i cant try at this time. i need window$ on my wok
Looks like we have a rebel here.
"My dad always looks personally betrayed when we Google stuff. He goes on some rant about ""why is Google your answer to everything, it's so stupid"" but can never actually give a reason why it would be stupid when asked. 

""Why can't you just (incredibly long winded and inaccurate way of doing something, like asking a man at a gas station for directions instead of using Google Maps)?""

I will never understand him."
"Yup. That's about all you can do too, assuming you're shipping the level for multi-player and are only giving out a BSP file. "
"Not really. It is more a manifestation of the fact that there is a lower potential energy (thus a higher kinetic energy) closer to the object that is being orbited.

A gravity assist works essentially by stealing a bit of the kinetic energy from the other object's orbital energy. By way of example, let's say we send a rocket off towards a gravity assist from Saturn. As the rocket passes behind Saturn the rocket and the planet both pull on each other due to gravity. The end result is that the rocket will end up going at a higher speed when it escapes than it did initially and Saturn will be going a teeny tiny bit slower.

This is not what's going on in this rubber sheet analogy, as the ""planet"" is completely stationary."
"Nope. That is why your first match will never count as a save attempt, even if your team is losing. This is to prevent people from farming save attempts."
"You need to complete all quests, sadly, else you will fall behind in level more and more as you progress.

Which is a bit of a shame because it limits you choice in who you want to assist and what you find interesting. "
Which one is your personal favorite?
"Should be 7 gamers 1 pc "
"Being a monk or a friar, or being a parish priest are *very* different things, and neither is considered ""better"" or more prestigous than the other in Catholicism.  The only thing you are convincing your in-law of is that you do not know much about religious life.

One thing to consider is that your relative may be gay.  Traditionally, Catholicism taught that everyone should either marry (someone of the opposite sex) or join a religious order and be celibate. MANY men and women joined religious orders because they were not drawn to the opposite sex and thought that was God's way of ""calling them"" to a celibate life.  In the wake of the child sex-abuse scandals, the Vatican has said that homosexual men should not become priests, but, as far as I know, they are still allowing them into cloistered orders where there is no contact with children."
"Are you sure they should be your friends then?  "
".. you're not serious, right?"
and i think is the first time is on reddit since we haven't have a lunatic since it was created.
"you will run into players that will call you pre-flop with a very large range and out flop you.  This is poker, and these things happen.  Remember that pocket aces and kings are only 1 pair, which nine handed at showdown is not always good.  "
[removed]
"What is with your sounds they sounds  so...real. The water splashing, the branch-breaking/leaf crunching sounds in the jungle."
"&gt; All posts must be scientific in nature and maintain some level of scientific integrity. Posts that are unrelated to science, promoting pseudoscience or are unscientific in nature will be removed.


This post is a jab at homeopathy. Although popular to do on reddit, I don't think that should let this post belong here. "
"Listen, I asked a simple question. You inferred way too much from it. 

&gt;Ok, thanks for sharing?
As if my statement was irrelevant to the conversation? 

There's no non-sequitur in my post. We're talking about government-issued things, and the rights the government may or may not have regarding those things. You responded in such a way that I assumed you had never heard of the state owning your ID, so I gave another example. Elaboration. 

There's no need for the condescension or the name-calling, but the inclusion of a dank meme was a nice touch."
And he pilots giant robots. Who doesn't want that?
"Do you feel like it does affect your social life though? School and improving at games has been my life for the last 6 years or so. It feels like I have missed a lot of normal social things because of this. Trying to wither down this cycle but it's really hard and I don't know what to do because well... it's the only thing I have been really doing with my life. "
"Worst NYE party, ever."
Your puns are on fire today!
"Just go with bwf for a little amount of time. Your 28 years in normal bb will help a lot. "
sent
"Like you said, there's no cookie-cutter. Too bad; it sure would be handy.

 I've never set foot in an AA meeting in my life, yet I know that for many it's exactly what the doctor ordered. But I'll do whatever is necessary to protect my sobriety. If I ever feel myself slipping, I'll know that whatever I'm doing isn't working anymore, and I'll try something new, or old. 

I don't think anyone's going to yank your AA card... Whatever you do, don't put yourself at risk. "
Right. Lol I'm stupid
"you attempt to jump over the fence.

[Dexterity 11 Required - **6 - Failed**]

you trip over the fence, losing ground."
hes better and more versatile then Justicar was my point
Yeah I could see that but I think depending on how well he heals he'll be the starter next year with Lynch either cut or traded
"I would asterisk this and say that quick time events when inappropriate need to go, or at least be done better. Until Dawn did it right since none of the events triggered a failure state. A character died? Sucks to be that guy, now just keep playing. The story continues and they stay dead."
I find sufficient amounts in both wrothgar and coldharbour.
"Are you talking about z because he till responces to the ""old"" one"
"yeah why?
"
"http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/fluechtlinge-kripogewerkschaft-will-illegale-einreise-entkriminalisieren-a-1050152.html   ""So gebe es nämlich überhaupt keine legale Möglichkeit für Flüchtlinge, nach Deutschland einzureisen und ihr Recht auf Asyl in Anspruch zu nehmen, heißt es in dem Dokument.""

das ist keine Interpretation von mir...das ist die Gesetzeslage; die Obergrenze will Seehofer ja nicht eigenmächtig einführen sondern soll rechtlich geregelt sein; man kann ja auch an andere Stelle schrauben, beispielsweise muss man ja Kriegsflüchtlingen kein Asyl gewähren "
"For once in my life, I have nothing to say. Mark this day in your calendars. 

Edit: Wait. I thought of something. I hope you all marked your calendars with pencil. 

I kind of regret changing my username. I don't like confusing people. "
"Many are still living in poverty today as structural racism still exists. I think when Trump says make Anerica great again, he's only referring when it was a good time to be a white person and legally discriminate against people of race, color, religion, and gender. "
[deleted]
Fixed.
"Posting some vague ""something is wrong"" status on social media but then saying they don't want to talk about it. Yes, both genders do this. But personally, it seems to be females the majority of the time. "
"Then you are very wrong. Finn was easily taken down. "
"Traditional private keys aren't sufficiently user friendly for most people. This is essentially a private key in most ways that matter. The filesize isn't relevant - the image isn't sent anywhere. "
Except me
Will do!
"Ferderick is the most useful character in the early game, and even then is useful for pair-up bonuses until even the end of the game. Just because he's in a promoted class and grows more slowly doesn't mean he's bad."
"Yes, because the cartels are to stupid to circumvent a wall.  "
You're not unattractive. I dont have any pics atm but you will be fine
[removed]
"I wouldn't call 1.2 million subscribers ""mild"" ;)

Oh god I just defended Rebecca Black"
"Up there alone on a private jet they know they can say no but they won't, because of the implication of danger... "
[deleted]
Lmao strange how something so recent to you is only a year younger than me
Good luck if you ever want to sell that house later!
"Ich hab's mir fast gedacht. Wer heute Lehrer werden will, muss sich vorher unbedingt überlegen, welche Fächerkombinationen er sich aussucht. Eigentlich ist es schon bescheuert, dass die Bundesländer für viel Geld am momentanen Bedarf vorbei studieren lassen, oder nicht wenigstens in den ersten Semestern aktiv darauf hinarbeiten, dass die Fächerkombination entsprechend angepasst wird."
"CANCEL SUBSCRIPTION TO BOYS LIFE "
"No, those textures have copyrights and patents on them. You must obtain them through legal means"
[deleted]
[deleted]
"It is very calming because you focus a lot on correct form. "
"*Room.* It's a fucking great movie. I don't usually watch dramas, but this was one of the most emotionally effective movies I've ever seen."
"Getting banned also gets you trade banned, meaning you could lose thousands in items."
"Could actually be plausible. ""Expanded rubber"" in shoes is frequently made of ethylene-vinyl acetate, which has a dielectric strength of [21 kV/mm](http://www.makeitfrom.com/material-properties/Ethylene-Vinyl-Acetate-EVA/). Assuming the shoes are roughly 10 mm thick when compressed against the wire, under ideal conditions they could potentially withstand as much as 210,000 volts, though sweat and other contaminants would likely greatly reduce this number."
"Mainly the cost. I have better thing to spend money on. Our dental insurance only covers a fraction of the cost and I rather put the money towards my kids.  I'm happily married and have two great kids.  Me having a closed lip smile is good enough. "
"I wonder how jinxed my baby is. I had a registry and a box of things I bought on sale before it was conceived. Everyone is complaining that I've started buying things. Except for my dad. To him, I remain his most thrifty child. 

I'm keeping things in the packages until after the baby shower. I want to focus on unpacking everything at the same time. "
"Found the destiny player "
The final solution
"Nearly as good as ""How to Basic""  👍"
[Uh...](http://i.imgur.com/DLGrvjl.gif)
what a good shot man
[removed]
":)

Glad to hear it, Scotland might have its arseholes who were determined to make these people unwelcome but they'll never outnumber the vast majority of decent, every day people in our communities.
"
Nice to see Joniesta get a try. Been a long time since I've seen him play. The comeback is on
"What's the price like, we don't have those in North America"
Solid hit.
"2edgy4me
You know who you remind me of? MTV's Daria

But why stop your *deconstruction* there? ""Inflated leather object crosses line painted on grass, people make noise in reaction. Like Whatever. I can't even"""
Bumpkin Lives Matter
"To have a successful, happy and healthy romantic relationship. "
"Linda, Linda, but Linda, listen. "
HOW COME NO ONE HAS MENTIONED THE PIG NOISE
"This happens all the time though. The thing about life experiences is that they guide you into having opinions about things before you actually try them going by what you've known before. You don't have to watch Pretty Little Liars to know it's not the sort of genre you like. How many people bash Twilight without watching it all the way through - I do (ten minutes was enough but I've not watched ALL of it). If people say a game with Disney characters is too silly for them then they're probably right, they wouldn't be saying it in the first place if it was the sort of thing they liked. And that's great! If people don't like KH it makes it all the more special that the game appeals to me on a level it might not appeal to others. Many people love Twilight, and that's great, because there's something for them and something for me. Sometimes it's good to be open minded but that doesn't mean you have to try every thing ever before you have any opinion."
[deleted]
https://youtu.be/awnlK0ALpys
"Reddit, where morons defend the the utterly incompetent. "
"QTEs take at least a modicum of skill, mashing a button is something a baby could do."
"Von gestern, der Hinweis mit Beans VS steht auch im Thread-Titel: https://www.reddit.com/r/rocketbeans/comments/3z4tu2/der_1_wochenplan_2016_ist_da_ua_mit_beans_vs_doom/"
It's used in variations of mech rogue along with conceal.
"In that case you should check out Carere Music just north of Atlanta, a family owned and operated music store founded by a sax player. Give them a call to see what used horns they have in stock, and if they have anything interesting you can go demo it.  Also saxontheweb.net marketplace or junkdude.com. "
"&gt; If you could recommend something that would make his jaw drop, what would it be?

Unlimited starter deck. But, of course, almost certainly not worth the money. "
I bet they'd sell you a coffee at Paraiso 750 Dudley St
Its pretty nice. The field I was flying at before was a little too small and the glare from the dome sucks but the thing is really fast and fun!
"Thank you, good point!

I am 99% sure of his next step in 6-8 months and that will require him to build a 'financial support group' to sustain him for a 2 year stint in that position. Given that the in-laws and working kids don't make a killing but I do, I predict that he will come knocking for money and that is when I will actually tell him that I don't support any of this. I would pay to make religion go away, not to sustain it -&gt; no money for you."
"Happy New Year! It's been a wild ride, with lots of archived posts from everyone. Starting from one subreddit, I now service over 25 subreddits and run around reddit. We've made great leaps and bounds in bots rights and while we still have a bit to go, it's been a good year. You guys are awesome!

You can see HR in room 210 and they'll direct you the company party. :)

Snapshots:

1. *This Post* - [1](https://archive.is/W6N8h), [2](https://web.archive.org/20160103151059/http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3z9jjz/who_do_you_think/)

*^(I am a bot.) ^\([*Info*](/r/SnapshillBot) ^/ ^[*Contact*](/message/compose?to=\/r\/SnapshillBot))*"
"Maybe it has something to do with you lashing out towards people for making a joke. If you actually translated what i said into me hating TJ Dillashaw and talking mad shit about him, then that's your problem. You're just over thinking and making blind accusations."
"It could only charge from the Phlogs own dmg, but the afterburn would have to be counted in as well, otherwise it would be really up."
"FYI the standard contraction of ""they are"" is ""they're"", not ""their"". Also you used ""they're"" when you meant ""there"". Just pointing it out since we're being pointlessly pedantic. However since you actually used all 3 words in the sentence, it seems you actually know there is a difference and are just trying to be cute, but failing."
"Why do people always scream, ""If I said this about a black person! Blah blah blah!"" when it was most likely a white person who made the ""mayo next to mayo"" joke anyway?

Like, what did black people do to you?"
"its 3 nil. why isnt hiddink putting our youth in? Does anyone know his train of thought? Is he known for being not giving the youth a chance? 
"
"The consequence of the loss is not relevant, why would it be? I talked about the losses, not the consequences, are you daft? Guess you have been eating too much Mcdonalds. Salty NA FAN Triggered."
LAWD thats sexy.....Cocaine white lol....
100% agree. Then its a hostile environment.
"Damn son, how many alt accounts do you have?

Like I'm even feeling humble for someone to get butthurt enough to make some just to do this."
omg really ^w^ pm me
"Calzones are pointless. They're just pizza that's harder to eat. No one likes them. Good day, sir."
And let's not forget the hardcore trolls constantly commenting on the articles.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_of_excluded_middle
"You realize his career PPG is .9, right? That's 73 points a year, and with his defense, yeah that is definitely worth 10 million. By comparison, Plekanec is at .66PPG and is not even close to as good defensively"
"Tons of places. A little known gem: Caiques Academy. He's a coral belt, used to teach for the Gracie's, his sons are legit black belts and typically run the classes. They are cool people. "
"* Twilight
* Sunrise

Both are material reagents required to craft Eternity.

I hate it when they stack up in my bag and I can't deposit them."
I'm looking forwards to seeing it
7
When they first met Crocus-san
No average russian can confirm that this phrase is 'gramatically right'. All I can confirm is that it is widely used.
"Dropping the ""Simulator"" part should be a great start."
"Lol, oh Kory, non-professionals really don't care or need to distinguish between the two.

Please forgive him, he is a weapons instructor, as a vet. I feel for him, but I have come to terms with it. 

:P"
"Breitbart ist wunderbar und toll. Nicht so wie die System- und Lügenpresse die von linkslinker Gesinnungsdiktatur und Duckmäusertum durchseucht ist.

Überall da, wo es eine Stimme für Wahrheit und Aufklärung braucht, werde ich zu finden sein. Überall da, wo sich rückwärtsgewandte und spaltende Ideologien wie Feminismus und Islamismus breit machen, werde ich die Grenze ziehen und Vernunft hinausposaunen."
he was paralyzed after a diving accident
"Literally such a sad headline.  I so was hoping for them this year.   Oh well just gotta catch one of their other live shows I guess. "
"It's one of two reasons I will not whitelist twitch. The second is when twitch tries to serve me an add, fails and gives me a black screen for the next 10 minutes. They may have fixed that, but I am not willing to test it again."
"At the end of the day, it's probably my favorite on in rainbows. I know I'm in the minority here."
"
# *FULL MOVIE ""Fury 2014""  DVD5 how watch online mac trailer iPad english*

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description movie **Fury 2014**:

&gt;  April, 1945. As the Allies make their final push in the European Theatre, a battle-hardened Army sergeant named Wardaddy commands a Sherman tank and his five-man crew on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. Outnumbered, out-gunned, and with a rookie soldier thrust into their platoon, Wardaddy and his men face overwhelming odds in their heroic attempts to strike at the heart of Nazi Germany.

&gt; .


***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Fury 2014***](https://shtrs.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Fury%202014)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Fury 2014***](https://shtrs.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Fury%202014)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Fury 2014***](https://shtrs.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Fury%202014)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Fury 2014***](https://shtrs.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Fury%202014)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Fury 2014***](https://shtrs.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Fury%202014)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Fury 2014***](https://shtrs.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Fury%202014)
***

&gt; . 

&gt; .fury 
2014 
trailer
fury 
2014 
imdb
fury 
2014 
awards
fury 
2014 
subtitles
Rent 
Fury 
and 
other 
new 
DVD 
releases 
and 
Blu-ray 
Discs 
from 
your 
nearest 
Redbox 
location. 
Or 
reserve 
your 
copy 
of 
Fury 
online 
and 
grab 
it 
later.
fury 
2014 
full 
movie
fury 
(2014) 
full 
movie
fury 
2014 
kiss 
scene
fury 
2014 
soundtrack
2014 
Fury 
Team 
- 
Gravity 
- 
Mountain 
- 
Bikes 
- 
2014
The 
Sound 
and 
the 
Fury 
is 
an 
American 
drama 
film 
directed 
by 
James 
Franco. 
It 
is 
the 
second 
film 
version 
of 
the 
iconic 
novel 
of 
the 
same 
name 
by 
William 
Faulkner.
Subscene 
- 
Passionate 
about 
good 
commentaries
fury 
2014 
streaming
Fury 
for 
Rent 
&amp;amp; 
Other 
New 
Releases 
on 
DVD 
at 
Redbox
fury 
2014 
jason 
isaacs
The 
trouble 
with 
""Fury"" 
is 
that 
while 
stocking 
up 
on 
all 
the 
little 
details 
Ayer 
has 
failed 
to 
provide 
much 
of 
a 
narrative 
for 
them 
to 
hang 
upon.
Fury 
(2014) 
Trailer 
- 
Trailer 
Addict
fury 
2014 
english 
subtitles
fury 
2014 
dvdrip
View 
the 
latest 
Fury 
movie 
trailers 
clips 
sneak 
peeks 
exclusive 
videos 
and 
teasers 
at 
Moviefone
Fury 
Movie 
Review 
&amp;amp; 
Film 
Summary 
(2014) 
| 
Roger 
Ebert
Fury 
(2014) 
Movie 
- 
Movie 
Insider: 
Taking 
You 
Beyond 
The
The 
Planet 
is 
ours 
- 
where 
are 
we 
going!? 
With 
the 
global 
population 
soaring 
towards 
9 
billion 
people 
by 
2050 
current 
levels 
of 
meat 
and 
dairy 
consumption 
are 
not
fury 
2014
fury 
(2014) 
dvd 
special 
edition
fury 
2014 
subtitulos
2014 
Fury 
World 
Cup 
- 
Gravity 
- 
Mountain 
- 
Bikes 
- 
2014
Just 
because 
you 
haven’t 
started 
your 
tour 
on 
the 
international 
circuit 
doesn’t 
mean 
you 
don’t 
ride 
like 
a 
World 
Class 
athlete.
fury 
2014 
putlocker
fury 
2014 
script
Trailer 
for 
Fury. 
April 
1945. 
As 
the 
Allies 
make 
their 
final 
push 
in 
the 
European 
Theatre 
a 
battle-hardened 
army 
sergeant 
named 
Wardaddy 
(Brad 
Pitt) 
commands 
a
fury 
2014 
torrent
fury 
2014 
deleted 
scenes
fury 
(2014)
fury 
2014 
online
fury 
2014 
cast
Share 
this 
Rating. 
Title: 
Cuban 
Fury 
(2014) 
6.2 
/10. 
Want 
to 
share 
IMDb's 
rating 
on 
your 
own 
site? 
Use 
the 
HTML 
below.
fury 
2014 
online 
free
Cuban 
Fury 
(2014) 
- 
IMDb
Just 
because 
you 
haven’t 
started 
your 
tour 
on 
the 
international 
circuit 
doesn’t 
mean 
you 
don’t 
ride 
like 
a 
World 
Class 
athlete.
fury 
2014 
torrent 
download
fury 
2014 
watch 
online
Fury 
(2014) 
- 
Movie 
- 
Trailers 
&amp;amp; 
Clips 
| 
Moviefone
Fury 
on 
DVD 
January 
27 
2015 
starring 
Brad 
Pitt 
Shia 
LaBeouf 
Logan 
Lerman 
Michael 
Pena. 
At 
the 
end 
of 
World 
War 
II 
April 
1945 
the 
Allies 
make 
their 
final 
push 
in
fury 
2014 
movie
fury 
2014 
ss 
battalion
The 
Sound 
and 
the 
Fury 
(2014 
film) 
- 
Wikipedia 
the 
free
fury.2014.dvdscr 
xvid-sam 
etrg

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .[DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Secret.. Life.. of.. Walter.. Mitty.. 2013"".. .. 1080p.. sumotorrent.. DVD5.. how.. watch.. online.. high.. quality.. BDRemux](https://www.reddit.com/40tkl2),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Saving.. Mr... Banks.. 2013"".. .. how.. download.. HDRip.. extratorrent.. online.. yts.. 720p.. look.. DVD5](https://www.reddit.com/40tkl6),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Non-Stop.. 2014"".. .. DVDRip.. free.. megashare.. DVD9.. putlocker.. for.. mobile](https://www.reddit.com/40tkid),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Expendables.. 2.. 2012"".. .. mac.. BDRip.. MP4.. AVC.. coolmoviezone.. x264](https://www.reddit.com/40tklv),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Teenage.. Mutant.. Ninja.. Turtles.. 2014"".. .. android.. MOV.. 1080p.. without.. signing.. no.. registration.. subtitles](https://www.reddit.com/40tkll),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""G.I... Joe:.. Retaliation.. 2013"".. .. movie4k.. for.. mobile.. 720p.. torrentz.. PC.. viooz](https://www.reddit.com/40tkn3)"
That's a good party trick :D
"Hey, I have a viking skull with vampire teeth on my calf. I'm willing to bet at least a few million other people have something similar. "
"&gt; Mondays - Chest/Back

&gt; Tuesday - Bi/Triceps

&gt; Wednesday - Shoulders/Traps/Abs

&gt; Thursday - Legs

&gt; Friday - Chest/Back

&gt; Saturday - Bi/Triceps

&gt; Sunday - Rest.

This tells me nothing about your routine, only that you don't know how to make a routine. The wiki has plenty of programs to pick from I'd suggest picking one of those and running it rather than trying to make your own."
"Had to be me... someone else might have gotten it wrong... :( :( :( :( "
"Yeah, she's been in all the issues in the series a little bit, but she'll be featured more after the first arc is over."
"Thank you for your submission! Unfortunately, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s):

* It is a tech support question and should be posted to /r/pcgamingtechsupport or /r/techsupport.



Please read the the [subreddit rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/about/sidebar) before continuing to post. If you have any questions, please feel free to message the mods."
Then he becomes garen? It's like playing any bruiser bot you just try and kill them repeatedly and try to catch up in gold.
"I loooove Nepalese teas, ever since my girlfriend introduced me to them. Hooray for the sale! "
They just hanging out with the sharks
Isn't Alpha shown wielding a shotgun in one of her early appearances?
"Exactly, genetics largely determines how someone is going to act in certain situations.  Environment can influence this though, as you say."
"looks like you need to git gud, son"
"*Borough of Shmenge*

Ha!  That's awesome.

"
"&gt; I do hope it has enough meat later on too.

We have Mai-senpai, so..."
Just learned this RIGHT here!!!!
MSI Afterburner. Quick config guide here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xeUSkaZ4_t0
"hey ump, that was a ball."
"hey sry i just dont have time to look up cards atm, im working crazy hours and i cant bring it to myself to do yugioh stuff with my limited time, i check reddit at work during random times to respd to messages. sry man"
"I can definitely see that it's a ""kinder, gentler Air Force"" than it was when I first came in, but that's manifested more in the fact that a person is more likely to be corrected than berated and humiliated. The latter still happens, it's just less likely.

I don't see much of the ""don't offend anyone"" BS in my unit at all. I don't get the feeling that anyone sees the need to hold back. "
[removed]
"Something something, design by committee."
"&gt;I would like to have more macro shot calling like roams, drags, rift scuttler, dives stuff like that

This is going to be very difficult from the support position. You will need to know going INTO the game how the map/lanes are suppose to be played and control events minutes into the future.

Generally for early game things like rift scuttler, roams, and dives, you want the jungle controlling that (especially if you don't go into games with solid plans).

Try to do too much and you fall behind in lane. Don't do enough and your team is a bit lost.

Well it's hard to say without seeing some VODS with communication."
Did you make it a reality?
Ye your right. Guns are good.
"Bad Salad - [Deep Roots](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZALLKXd4uo)
They're a sort of ""Brazil's answer to Dream Theater"".

Threshold - [Unforgiven](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmzMWFyA5A0)  
Not as ""heavy"" as Bad Salad, but still in the same realm - they're more of an ""atmospheric progressive metal"".

Minotaur Project - [Outer Heaven](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYgjdGiUmEo) // [77345_018](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZHBTRLLrHk)  
He doesn't make content as much as he used to (I hear he's joined another band), I but can't not put this guy on here. Sadly, his channel doesn't get as many views as it once did after it got hit with a bunch of false copyright strikes some time ago, which is a damn shame. *77345_018* managed to hit 20k views (and was even approved by Jordan Rudess) before it got taken down.

And, because I'm a narcissistic prick:  
Not a Number - [The Messenger Trilogy, Part II: Decet Hostium](https://notanumber-em-uk.bandcamp.com/album/the-messenger-trilogy-part-ii-decet-hostium)  
Yeah, I make my own music as well. More along the lines of ""progressive *rock*"" than metal, but there's influences of metal strewn about. As the title implies, I'm going for a ""Coheed and Cambria""-""concept discography"" thing and am in the middle of putting together the next instalment."
"DJ Khalid "
"***Analyzing mrdanno97***

* comments per month: 166.7 *^I ^have ^an ^opinion ^on ^everything*
* posts per month: 71.8 *^reddit ^is ^my ^personal ^facebook*
* favorite sub [Undertale](http://NP.reddit.com/r/Undertale)
* favorite words: crowbar, Level, though.
* age 0 years 6 months 
* profanity score 0.7% *^Gosh ^darnet ^gee ^wiz*
* trust score 38.8% *^Lies!! ^so ^many ^lies!*

* Fun facts about mrdanno97
    * *""I am your mother and I am disappointed.""*
    * *""I've gotten to the point where I don't really play for the story, just for the bosses.""*
    * *""I am sorry master /u/warnzzz.""*
    * *""I've fucked up a sub before by accident, and I learned a few things.""*
    * *""I am proud of my shitposting.""*
    * *""I've seen a lot of posts saying that Undertale is the new FNAF, so you are kind of right.""*
    * *""I've been shitposting on it for the last hour.""*
    * *""I AM ON A ROLL!""*
    * *""I've never seen 1 in Ireland.""*
    * *""I've been seeing some [Asriel](#spoiler) ones pop up lately though.""*
    * *""I am Irish not British) but where did you get European from?""*
"
"......... what the hell is the difference between -ized and -iced?

Non-english speaker here."
"All skipping a prerelease does is hurt the LGS. If you want to voice your displeasure with WoTC, call their customer service line and use the various ssocial media channels they have to share your opinion "
"Yeah its just like Lingard didn't try to score with his second chance, he was just happy to hit it. /s

Some of the criticism Fellaini gets is justified, some is absurd. For his header, the keeper read the cross the minute it left Memphis' foot, and closed the angle well, Fellaini hit it hard and on target, can't ask for much more than that."
[deleted]
"Pull your tongue as far back into your mouth and try to say ""Glass"".

I always called it the ""Swallowed L"" because that's what it sounds like to me."
"&gt;and there's still enough electricity left

That was what got me.   I was in career mode and had converted a standard Minmus biome explorer into a tourist vehicle by adding an extra crew section.  When I popped the service module the solar panels and extra batteries went with it.   As soon as the batteries rand out it started trying to fly and started spinning."
You can't just keep removing parts of the brain until everything works right lol.  You'd likely end up as a vegetable.
Respect times Infiniti
"Same for me here. I use it constantly because I end up skipping heavy traffic. I used it to get to my gfs last night who lives about an hour away. During rush hour traffic it routed me off my normal route I would have taken and according to maps I saved nearly 25 minutes. I believe there was an accident on the road I was going to take.

I also use Waze in the background for upcoming alerts by sound. Really helpful as well."
"Is this the kid from the show ""Super Hero Squad""? The character is able to transform into different dinosaurs or lizards. "
"SUNDAY 
SUNDAY
SUNDAY"
"A developer called ""The Chinese Room"" made Machine for Pigs, not Frictional Games, so that's why it wasn't as good. The Chinese Room also made the recent boring walking simulator ""Everybody's Gone To The Rapture"".


Loved SOMA as well though - not really scary like Amnesia was but I liked what they were going for."
*She just shrugs again.*
"Well, there is no Levi's game for the regular season this year.  I think the FO just wanted the good publicity more than anything else."
would love to tie you down for that ;)
"'cynical nihilist' describes me with frightening accuracy. 
"
"So you have no evidence to present either... The ""google it yourself"" is ALSO, the same crap that antis use. Wtf is up with KiA today? If you make a claim, YOU present the evidence for it."
Fair enough thanks for the remnder. I got it working meanwhile by removing the google account and adding it again (see [here](http://support.jide.com/hc/en-us/articles/215218808-Why-does-Google-play-show-Error-retrieving-information-from-server-RPC-S-7-AEC-7-RPC-S-5-AEC-0-))
"Just had the last week off with just my wife and 4 dogs.....sleeping in, lotsa beer, gaming, road trip to the coast to pickup (in-season Canaveral Reds) shrimp, and lots of great food......with absolutely no snot-goblins to ruin it !"
You must be *this* high to enter tho!
"You're fine only because you haven't fully understood what will happen.  Once you start realizing, you won't be fine any longer.

But it's not abnormal, the way you feel."
I'll ask my boyfriend to make some pics while he's fucking me later today. Will post if I get him to agree ;)
"&gt; Investopedia is a fantastic resource for theoretical concepts.

That you'd recommend investopedia over something as elementary as [Bodie's Investments](http://www.amazon.com/Investments-Zvi-Bodie/dp/0073530700/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1452712687&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=bodie+investments) is awesome.

&gt; Which is the exact thing that OP asked about. 

There's nothing theoretical about what OP asked, /u/hydrocyanide answered it perfectly.

&gt; Which can also be found in an entry level Finance course in University. 

Do you think Shiller recommends investopedia.com to his students?

"
/r/hvacadvice
"Other than relaxed fit and boot cut jeans, I've never seen pants that expand in the calf area. You're probably going to need alterations.

"
"It was definitely entertaining and rewarding to finally down bosses that I had some trouble with, like Exarch Maladaar. Every instance gave enough XP that I only had to run one of each to continue leveling up for other dungeons. 

I got a pretty substantial boost from all the heirlooms equipment and soloing elites gave a lot more XP than if I was in a party of 5. Both of these added on to bonus bosses and the final XP boost for completing the dungeon definitely helped out with gaining experience. "
"Myself.

I'm tired of renting."
"I've always been an A student without putting effort in.

This year, it's changing. Falling a bit now. Time to save myself with exams next week and keep my scholarship. I'm actually going to work harder second semester to keep all my grades above 91, because then I can be exempt from all my final exams.

However, I would not say I have senioritis. I'm focusing my efforts on different areas. I've been in a show all year, and soon, I'm going to be part of a student-run choral group to resurrect the one that got disbanded after last year when our director left and the new guy doesn't know what the fuck he's doing."
[deleted]
"Better than rookie KP, that's for sure. "
"man, if you're renaming them to. wav and trying to play them, of course they will sound bad "
[deleted]
well that's another possibility x)
"What kind of item spread do you think I need with Max Lucario, Max Conkeldurr, Max Machamp, and Keldeo-R 3? Is DD and Atk+ enough or do I need Moves+ too? (That's all I have coins for right now...)"
Yes but they we're totally different links and very valid news items. Did you even look at the link? you would have clearly seen that
"Interested in joining, where can I sign up?
"
"&gt; 50% of your tax dollars go straight into the war machine.

What? The vast, vast majority of federal spending is on [various social programs.](https://www.nationalpriorities.org/media/uploads/spending_-_total_spending_pie_2014_big.png) The military gets less than 20% of federal spending, and that's not counting ""your tax dollars"" collected by state governments (which presumably contribute less, if at all, to the military).
&gt;(as opposed to America's 100+ year old ruins that it refers to as infrastructure; the ASCE rates almost everything a D or D-. Literally tens of thousands of bridges are structurally deficient, for instance.)

The ASCE rates only American infrastructure, not to mention that as a lobbying firm for civil engineers, it has a vested interest in saying we have poor infrastructure and need to spend more on it. If you want to get a comparison between US and Swedish infrastructure, you can find one from [the World Bank](http://lpi.worldbank.org/international/global?sort=asc&amp;order=Infrastructure), in which the United States ranks fifth in the world, ahead of Sweden which ranks ninth."
"There are so many layers to the gameplay I find it amazing that they managed to keep it as balanced. I love tower defence games, Gemcraft as well, but sometimes I like the simplicity of Bloons."
"No, abilities will still damage and kill within Shen's refuge.

In Kindred's ultimate auto-attacks still do damage if the target is above 10% health. But it prevents your health from dropping below 10% regardless if you're hit by an autoattack or even ultimate ability.

These abilities are only similar in that they are zone than can be used to project yourself and your team. The manner in which they do so is quite distinct."
"Great examples, that helps. Thanks! 

My question is: How do you ""spend"" that money in a separate account? All of our credit cards are shared and we put everything on credit cards because of the rewards (we pay it off every month). So how would that work if we had a separate bank account to pay it off from? "
"Hi there - there's no mention in this about Shen's Spirit Blade. All I know from reading this is Shen's Q calls the blade to him, his W field spawns around the blade, and it goes with him on R.


How do I move that Blade otherwise? Can I? Does it sit in fountain until I Q or R? 


Thanks for any clarity you can give."
I'm sure the requirement will be level 50 and CP. It wouldn't make much sense otherwise.
"most disney movies. they're good for keeping 3 year olds and 3 year old adults busy, but all in all, they're mediocre to me. "
gg
[deleted]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POGGklAK1fM
"&gt; ~~Most~~ All drop with an extreme stat or stat split

"
"Definitely worth going, especially to sample and to try a few Canada REs if you're so inclined."
I knew I forgot about someone and its Blonia
"You met on a train, spent a night with her and never saw her again? Maybe you'll meet again in nine years' time."
[deleted]
So that makes her qualified enough to run the US Healthcare system? There was a nationwide outrage over her appointment to this position.
"My first dip ever was Copenhagen LC and it knocked me on my ass and had my head spinning like crazy.  Then a while after that I tried Copenhagen WG and it was like I just lost the ability to properly be a human.  I just laid down and didn't move, except for the slight tilt of the head occasionally to spit.  That buzz was fucking crazy, 12/10 would do again, if I could get a buzz..."
"TL;DR
&gt;Fry's is a terrible company

&gt;the fault is with the Fry's employee

"
Howdy. Welcome to the madness!
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck that!
Ok.
"Thanks, I appreciate the answer!"
"I don't know whats worse, the fact that you'll either die a virgin or shoot up a school and be put in jail and end up losing your virginity from Tyrone ""Meathammer"" Jackson"
"This is what I am curious about and what bothers me so much. I am not entirely sure how LGS ownership goes with WOTC but since the owners are still buying product, who is WOTC to say what the owner actually does with that product? As long as its legal within the US law then WOTC shouldnt be this aggressive. especially about formats that cost an arm and a leg to get into AND its unsanctioned so in reality it shouldnt even be recognized by WOTC."
"In Germany, [0.5% of refugees from Syria are criminal suspects within a year of entering Germany.  40% of those from Maghreb (Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia) become criminal suspects.](http://www.spiegel.de/panorama/justiz/kriminelle-migranten-taeter-aus-nordafrika-bereiten-polizei-sorgen-a-1071674.html)"
"In the second picture I couldn't tell what I was looking at for a while, and I thought you had another screen sitting on top of the thick iMac, and that the picture on the wall (behind the speaker) was the new iMac. Then I finally saw the silver below the actual screen and realized that THAT was the 5K iMac.

Talk about trippy, I thought you were floating things on the old iMac O_o"
"well definitely he can't just light through everything all fruits has a limit. If someone rely's too much on his devil fruit he will fail. This is how I see Blackbeard go down.

"
"Homers really want to Homer

You got me, everybody secretly thinks the Giants HC position is the best position ever, and Hue Jackson only took the Browns job because he had these huge gambling debts and needed fast money and couldn't refuse a guaranteed job.  Furthermore the Browns were blackmailing him with scandalous photos of him in suggestive positions with stuffed animals.  Otherwise he would have totally wanted the Giants job.  Because as a Giants fan, I can be completely blind to any other suggestion, such as that maybe - just maybe - the Giants job isn't nearly as attractive as homers make it out to be."
"I drink it. "
"There is no center on abortion, it's either you support recreational infanticide or you don't."
"http://i.imgur.com/ULdRU8k.png  
  
Du måste ha klickat fel eller något. 60+ är 16k"
"Why did you post this twice with no explanation?

Are you trying to say he was against maxes so he should not be a max main? Are you saying he is just a jerk? Are you just against him trying to play well in a max? I guess I don't see how this is relevant. "
[deleted]
Turn Your Lights Down Low - Bob Marley and the Wailers
"Rassist: jeder, der seine Beine nicht breit macht und die Vaseline versteckt hält.
"
"OP is likely the guy who tweeted it. He keeps defending the ""reporter"" here and in r/NFL. "
"Depends on the person, but certain FPS games really anger the hell out of me. Got so frustrated and angry once I threw down my controller. The $30 I spent buying another was sobering enough to make me realize how childish I being by letting a game get to me. Some of the ""rage"" though isn't really anger. It's sometimes just screwing around and having fun with it."
"I go to the gym or for a run during the day, either just before lunch or in the mid-afternoon. It wakes me up and helps me focus better. I have multiple deadlines every day anyway, but I force myself to finish by the time my SO comes home at 7ish, rather than working into the evening. I often watch crappy reality TV while working, as it doesn't require any concentration but keeps me from wandering off to find something interesting to do."
"712,203"
"2436

Rocket League"
"...Idk, I'm not hearing it :/"
Because they said they would? Even if it wasn't as much as the mods thought they still owe us something.
You're not an exception.
They're gremlins
"An option for datacenter selection would be nice, I would love to look for eu players as well."
"missiles are very expensive and an air drop would be cheaper and more effective, however its much more profitable to air drop more arms and munitions than food and medical supplies.
"
stfu broh u srs. not kewl.
"""So, this place any good?"""
[deleted]
"""Harden"" is a banned word for custom jerseys. Apparently it's too dirty to wear in public."
"I honestly couldn't give a shit... do you think that message means anything? 

you have x amount for y price... decide if its a good enough value on your own regardless of what the packaging says. so no 

I really don't care. "
"This video's raw energy is all I needed to be excited about these things.

http://youtu.be/csPOWsEN0ek"
"""He's my dog, Buck. This place is a brothel, yeah?"""
"&gt; But if she doesn't give a resounding yes or reschedules herself then don't drag it on and don't say more than you need to.

Yup.

&gt;I suspect it may be a no if she's already sending mixed signals.

*Yyyyyuuuuuuuuuuuuup*"
"The DPRK claims all of Antarctica for the glory of the Korean people, claiming historical ties with the wasteland can be found in their history."
"
# *STREAM MOVIE ""Blackhat 2015""  1080p free SATRip AVC iPad DVD5*

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description movie **Blackhat 2015**:

&gt;  A furloughed convict and his American and Chinese partners hunt a high-level cybercrime network from Chicago to Los Angeles to Hong Kong to Jakarta.

&gt; .


***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Blackhat 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Blackhat%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Blackhat 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Blackhat%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Blackhat 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Blackhat%202015)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Blackhat 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Blackhat%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Blackhat 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Blackhat%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Blackhat 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Blackhat%202015)
***

&gt; . 

&gt; .blackhat 
2015 
conference
blackhat 
2015 
rotten 
tomatoes
blackhat 
2015 
video
blackhat 
2015 
full
Honestly 
does 
anyone 
even 
say 
‘pwned’ 
anymore? 
Am 
I 
exposing 
myself 
even 
more 
by 
putting 
it 
into 
the 
headline? 
What 
I 
want 
to 
provide 
are 
some 
basic
blackhat 
2015 
keynote
blackhat 
2015 
english 
subtitles
blackhat 
2015 
dvd 
cover
blackhat 
2015 
movie
blackhat 
2015 
trailer
blackhat 
2015 
schedule
Is 
Blackhat 
the 
Greatest 
Hacking 
Movie 
Ever? 
Hackers 
Think 
So 
Legendary 
Pictures 
and 
Universal 
Pictures. 
The 
scene 
doesn’t 
include 
a 
keyboard. 
Or 
a
9 
Basic 
Tips 
For 
Not 
Getting 
Pwned 
At 
Blackhat 
2015
blackhat 
2015 
poster
blackhat 
2015 
dvdrip
blackhat 
(2015) 
1080p
Blackhat’ 
a 
Cyberthriller 
Starring 
Chris 
Hemsworth
In 
Michael 
Mann’s 
“Blackhat” 
a 
hacker 
is 
provisionally 
released 
from 
prison 
to 
combat 
a 
cybercriminal 
who 
has 
sabotaged 
a 
nuclear 
plant 
and
blackhat 
2015 
subtitle
blackhat 
2015 
videos
blackhat 
2015 
slides
blackhat 
2015 
imdb
black 
hat 
2015
blackhat 
2015
Black 
hat 
- 
Wikipedia 
the 
free 
encyclopedia
blackhat 
2015 
conference 
usa
blackhat 
2015 
movie 
torrent
blackhat 
2015 
download
blackhat 
2015 
youtube
A 
black 
hat 
hacker 
is 
a 
hacker 
who 
""violates 
computer 
security 
for 
little 
reason 
beyond 
maliciousness 
or 
for 
personal 
gain."" 
[1] 
Black 
hat 
hackers 
form 
the
blackhat 
2015 
wiki
Is 
Blackhat 
the 
Greatest 
Hacking 
Movie 
Ever? 
Hackers 
Think
blackhat 
2015 
cover
blackhat 
2015 
briefings
blackhat 
2015 
torrent

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .[ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Bridge.. of.. Spies.. 2015"".. .. direct.. link.. srt.. high.. quality.. dubbed.. watch.. coolmoviezone.. megashare.. streaming](https://www.reddit.com/40aqbf),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Sicario.. 2015"".. .. 480p.. extratorrent.. MP4.. PC.. srt.. AVI.. tablet.. video](https://www.reddit.com/40aqfv),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Longest.. Ride.. 2015"".. .. ac3.. TVRip.. DVDRip.. eng.. download.. HD.. BrRip.. high.. quality](https://www.reddit.com/40aqgj),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Hateful.. Eight.. 2015"".. .. viooz.. torrent.. how.. watch.. online.. rarBG.. direct.. link.. link.. to.. view.. FLV.. yify](https://www.reddit.com/40aqiu),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Dil.. Dhadakne.. Do.. 2015"".. .. now.. iPad.. thepiratebay.. sumotorrent.. no.. registration.. extratorrent.. film.. link.. to.. view](https://www.reddit.com/40aq2v),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Man.. Up.. 2015"".. .. film.. rarBG.. streaming.. putlocker.. bitsnoop.. how.. watch.. online.. kickass.. DVD5](https://www.reddit.com/40apx6),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Tomorrowland.. 2015"".. .. without.. registering.. bitsnoop.. 1280p.. BDRemux.. look.. FLV](https://www.reddit.com/40aq16),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Insidious:.. Chapter.. 3.. 2015"".. .. torrent.. FLV.. coolmoviezone.. MOV.. 1080p.. BDRemux.. no.. registration.. DVD5](https://www.reddit.com/40aq62),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Pan.. 2015"".. .. megashare.. AVC.. direct.. link.. bitsnoop.. HD.. 720p.. Tubeplus.. DVD9](https://www.reddit.com/40apzd),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Air.. 2015"".. .. thepiratebay.. vumoo.. MOV.. in.. hindi.. BrRip.. download.. yts](https://www.reddit.com/40aq61),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Inside.. Out.. 2015"".. .. DVDRip.. putlocker.. 720p.. android.. film.. video.. now.. rarBG](https://www.reddit.com/40aq3f)"
I wish it would work for me like it works for you.
"Don't buy a judge! "
"Good choice, I'll cast a vote for this one. "
"If you want to be specific it is a ""glass on glass bowl"".  If they ask male or female? It's male.  Don't think they make them the other way though...  **shrugs**"
"You take your 33 1/3 chance, minus my 25 percent chance, and you got an 8 1/3 chance of winnin’ the Powerball! But then you take my 75 perchance chance at winnin’, if we was to go one-on-one, and to add 66 2/3 ch… percents, I got a 141 2/3 chance of winnin the Powerball! Señor Joe, the numbers don’t lie, and they spell disaster for you in the Powerball."
"Yeah, Sydney's got this one fairly easily. 163 is piss easy against the Heat's assorted crap of bowlers"
[deleted]
"What's the problem? The previous bounce rate was 50%, the new one is 75%. That's 50% more. Seems correct to me.

If you previously had a bounce rate of 1%, and now have 10%, your rate has not increased 9%. It has increased by almost a factor 10, i.e. 900%.

"
[deleted]
"Thankfully, he's not been a regular for a couple of series now."
"Great little fuckable body with great tits!
Butt what's the fucking rush?  Slow down Babe. 
Will you pls make ONE long video SLOWLY 
playing with yourself. Then you can masturbate
until you have an intense ORGASM. Thx. Cheers!"
[Here's 100 of them](https://youtu.be/ecJGIQDsr-M)
"Aka to  nerf rengar we will nerf jarvan,pantheon,kha.. all those op ad junglers.."
This is so figuratively annoying!
[deleted]
Just means we get to see you one more time. :)
"Guten Morgen, gut geschlafen? Alles klar bei dir? Was macht das Herz? "
Thanks
savage
"Haha, I know just who you mean. At least you didn't get a little girl."
Norteños foo
"the original ergo hasn't changed much. Small improvements to production otherwise it's the same thing.    
"
"A good credit score comes from a history of having borrowed and paid back money. Part of this can be paying your bills on time. Also have a loan you pay back on time and having a credit card you pay off.

As has been said, even when you have the cash, using the credit card gives you an interest free loan until it is due and then you pay it off in full. This cycle shows that you can borrow money and pay it back promptly.

Besides the credit rating reason, another good reason for having a credit card is the convenience of doing things like booking hotel rooms or flights on line. Or actually just buying things on line."
"Rice Krispies Cereal "
"A digital slate (or smart slate as it's known in the industry) is important whether you're on digital or film, film itself has what's called a key code at the edge. When it's developed the telecine (machine that records film to a digital or video format) reads the key code, and the sound is synchronized to a particular film frame. Sometimes it's off by a frame or two, so you have someone working with the dailies colorist when the work gets transferred to video dailies, and that person checks the sync as they go. 

They'll also use the time code and key code to compile an edit list of takes, which goes to the editor so they know on which film reel to find what take, and which takes the director, DP, and continuity person wanted to keep. 

Source: I used to be a film dailies sound syncer :)"
"I'ma pretty chill/emotionless dood and this movie was very emotional for me for some weird reason.  "
"The UN official didn't say the rebels used Sarin, she said the proof was inconclusive as of yet. And the 'German press' one lol, you can pretty much find someone to say anything about anything. Also I found this interesting from the second article - ""“More importantly, we do not aspire to have (chemical weapons) because we view our battle with the regime as a battle for the establishment of a free democratic state. … We want to build a free democratic state that recognizes and abides by all international accords and agreements — and chemical and biological warfare is something forbidden legally and internationally.”"
"Oh, no. Naw. He was just the guy that inspired me."
"Because it takes 10+ minutes to cook a well done steak 'properly' and others have posted a well done steak is ruined anyway. 

Worth noting that to my recollection nobody ever sent it back as not cooked properly. "
"Meditate and find inner peace. Won't need the money at that point, which would free me up to give scholarships to poor kids and single parents or something"
"""It's often used to express hypothetical comments actually"" - someone in reply to your comment"
There is a little plus button that you can click to leave feedback.
"1,000 calories doesn't have to come from *a* soda. It's roughly 2 liters - six cans or the RDA of fluid intake if drinking water."
Not this shit again.
"Ever felt a duck? Feels good man. "
"sent for the knife, can take the whole lot for 160 as there is a lot of items under 1key."
"Hello. We apologize but this submission has been removed for violating the following rules in the /r/SandersForPresident [Community Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/wiki/rules). Please read this comment in its entirety to learn what you ​*can*​ do to get this content posted in a manner consistent with the Community Guidelines.

It has an editorialized title. Please refer to **Rule #4** in the community guidelines. 

&gt;When submitting an article, use the full original headline of the article. If you believe something should be added to the headline, please copy a quote from the piece onto the end of the title. When posting a link to an image, titles must objectively describe the image. When posting a link to a video, the video's title must be used. If submitting a link to a tweet, the submission title must be a full quote of the entire tweet, preceded or followed by the author's Twitter handle.

&gt;These titling rules ensure that users have an objectively accurate and fair perception of the article, and they can decide whether or not they want to read it. It also becomes a lot easier to keep track of reposts if everyone uses the same titles, which means it’s easier to keep your front page neat, organized, and uncluttered. With so many links often leading to the same place, the strict title rule is one of our only tools against reposts. We hope you can understand that.



---

If you disagree with this removal please [message the moderators at this link.](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSandersForPresident&amp;subject=about my removed submission&amp;message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/40arfq/a_friend_of_mine_took_a_video_of_donald_trumps/. %0D%0DMy issue is...) and explain why this submission was removed in error. **Hateful, insulting, or otherwise obnoxious modmails will not be responded to.**

Individual moderators will not respond to this comment.

Sanders 2016!"
"Exactly. We have gotten no word at all from DICE or EA about this game and it's telling me to believe that they have completely left this game in the dust and are just working on BF5 and BFont 2. If its one I would tell them its give it to DICE LA. They will do a much better job than Stockholm. "
"Unless the truck is for work, sounds like selling it is her best option. Of course, knowing those sorts of people, that would never occur to her."
"If you do NOT want to overclock, the the 6600 + H170 would be better for prices.

It would depend on what exactly you are expecting to be able to run. AAA titles might get a bit below 60fps, but should be playable regardless.

GPU is fine as is.

From what I can tell, everything should fit correctly, though the GPU does not give you much space to work with."
"fuck I just realized that 40k nerds are the lowest and I just got deep into 40k. Fuck it, I'll own it"
"Hi manoharkumarmanu, your post has been removed because it wasn't flaired. Please flair your post correctly and it will be re-instated automatically.

&gt;**What is a Flair?**

&gt;A flair basically categorizes your post in one of the pre-existing categories on /r/india. Once you make a submission, you'll notice a red button which says *Flair your post* . Click on it and choose a flair according to the submission's theme, then hit Save.

&gt;* If you want a civil and focused discussion with NO off-topic comments, choose ""[R]ediquette"". We do not allow trolling and other unnecessary behaviour in [R] threads.
* If you are posting from a handheld device, append [NP] for non-political, [P] for political and [R] to the title of the post and our bot will flair it accordingly.
* **Example**: http://i.imgur.com/FKs9uVI.png

---

^(I am just a bot and cannot reply to your queries. Send a) [^*modmail*](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Findia&amp;subject=Flair+Bot) ^(if you have any doubts.)
"
Jailbait... Dang :/
thank you !
"Not only that, it also has the additional advantage of parsimony. Using 'he' as gender-neutral is parsimonious, but it is not really gender neutral and can lead to confusion. On the other hand, using ""his or hers"" already involves three words--one of which is a conjunction--raising the possibility of very awkward sentence constructions. 

""They"" is amazing because it is inclusive and makes language simpler. "
"maybe because it's ""non-corporeal""?"
That is quite possibly the best pick up line i've ever heard. Geeky pick up lines are always the best pick up lines in my book though!
"Bush was just, seemed crazy that such a person could be the president of the US.

I disagree with abbreviations getting offensive, it's beyond stupid. It's an abbreviation, not a word created to incite hate like the n-word and others."
Deep space is about 2.7K Helium goes superfluid at 2.1K. You're going to have to wait for The Universe to cool down almost an entire 0.6 degree before you'll be likely to find anyplace like you're talking about.
"That's not why it's funny. It's funny because it's a tense moment, and Batman's coming at him with a 10-ton piece of metal trying to run him over, so you think it's going to knock him over or something like that, but it just bounces off.

It's like the train in Ant-Man. They play it up as really threatening, and have the characters cower in front of it. Then thye zoom out and it just goes ""*TINK*"" and falls over.

""Do you bleed"" is not masculine BS. It's a promise.

&gt; then he keeps doing the voice modulator after Supes flies away. Like cmon no ones around you don't need it on

1. It could be built into the suit, such that he doesn't turn it on and off, it's just automatic.
2. Superman has super hearing. He heard Batman."
"OR.. Let us level the playing field while we're waiting for them to fix it. "
"&gt; feel free to show me all the reputable and respected intellects out there that think there will not be conflict in the future over resources

still waiting...

petulant, vague snipes in a voice that you desperately hope sounds smart is all you've come up with.

you're clearly from the jr high school girl discipline of arguing.

""whatever...like, you're sooo smart, im sure...""

whats disturbing is that you actually think you're smarter than others...wonder where you're at on the spectrum
"
"The 650 seems to be mainly targeted at business customers. The cheap but respectable looking W10M device for mass deployment to the same employees humming along in front of their 2 GB RAM Core i3 with integrated graphics and HDD. Price is much more important than performance.

Because what does more performance do for those people? Do you really need more FPS when checking email or buying a train ticket? Maybe you drop a frame in an animation, but who cares? It's essentially the same performance class as the SD400: 4 core 32 bit and good enough graphics to drive the interface. And people love their cheap L640s.

The OS has to be optimized for older low performance SoCs anyway, so MS can cash in on that and get away with a slower SoC."
"I don't suppose you've ever heard of torrents?

People should pay for their content, but if you literally can't then you might as well steal it.

Edit: To the person going through all my comments and downvoting them, you have a sad life"
"Barcode Formats: ISBN13 9783898820127,  ISBN10 3898820122 low german
"
"lol it's not anger phase bro, it's almost 7 months since i found TRP this is just ridiculous, and not worth it, that's the way i see it atleast."
"First thing you gotta get is +4% PBC relics.

But I guess your overall ancients are way too low to get to zone 3000.
I did my last HZE run few days ago and it took me more than 7 hours. My optimal is like 2200 and now new HZE is 3013+.
And I got 250m souls spent on ancients, while you only got 13m? That's way too low.

Just start doing 30 minute runs and collecting souls. Let the grind begin!"
w4200677
[deleted]
[ehhh...creepier](http://i.imgur.com/xr2URTZ.gifv)
"Woaah! that's horrifying "
"you can out range anything at that tier, turret placement doesn't really matter that much, especially considering how inexperienced BB are in those tiers, so broadsides to shoot at everywhere.

I guess I got my ""unicum"" chops bbefore starting the IJN BB line though, so the kawachi was particularly frustrating, because I feel like the better you are at playing the game, the more you will hate the kawachi. If you just yolo in any low tier ship and don't give a crap you can have ""fun"" but your overall performance really won't be determined by skill. That is what makes me mad about the kawachi. That and it is slow and has nearly non existant AA, and currently low tier carriers are very common."
"Exactly and it's Manchester, the rain just keeps on falling over here."
"I'll start a convo. 
Muhammed was neither peaceful, nor a prophet....discuss."
"Very simple: they believe that these others are wrong.

In some more strident versions of faith, they are not only wrong but also *wickedly* so, to the extent that their immortal souls are in danger. Seen that way, you could say that the faithful actually have a duty to prevent such sinful behaviour, and would thus be doing wrong in not acting against it."
"This is why I'm really hoping they change Barret's arm-guns to fit under the regular guns category. They did change Setzer's cards, which were ""Gambling Weapons"", into regular throwing weapons after all, right?

Sure, it wouldn't make much sense to have Lightning cut off her arm to use it, but it's more practical than making the weapon exclusive to only two characters, one of which sucks major arse."
"The best thing you can give your child is a good marriage. Make time for each other. Your spouse is more important then your child. They will grow up knowing that they have a rock solid foundation. Go on dates and don't neglect romance. Father of 8, married 36 years"
"St. Michael the Archangel, 
defend us in battle.  

Be our defense against the wickedness and snares of the Devil. 
May God rebuke him, we humbly pray, 
and do thou,  
 
O Prince of the heavenly hosts, 
by the power of God, 
thrust into hell Satan, 
and all the evil spirits, 
who prowl about the world 
seeking the ruin of souls.  

Amen.."
"[Drake - Hold On, We're Going Home (Arctic Monkeys Cover).](https://youtu.be/RvA3q0ZU-NQ)"
[removed]
"OP, if you would like, you could play with me and I could show you how I fly and what I do in certain situations. Even go into an empty server and work on flying. God knows how many hours I spent practicing with the attack heli on empty Caspian Border servers in BF3, just trying to get down the basics too.

I play on PC so if you do too and would like to, Origin/Battlelog is ""IgnoreMyName"""
Bell go go. The mussels are meh. Anyone know any better alternatives?
"I missed it, but I'll seek it out. Honestly not sure why he's not a guy on WWE's radar - he works a safe/consistent style, he's obviously got the right family connections, and he has a good look that he tries to play around with to make himself distinct. Seems open to taking chances to get over. Make him the McMahon's evil sellout Samoan to mess with Roman and the Usos or something. "
It's an incredible movie imo. But obviously I enjoyed star wars more!
"Yeah, that's what I have. It's one of the custom ""forum colors"" you have to ask for it specifically and pay extra. I ordered mine a couple of years ago, and don't remember the details. But if you look on the US forums you should find more info. "
"I wish we could be more like Quebec, then."
"My usual list includes a tent, tarp, sleeping bag, knife, matches, lantern, hatchet, frying pan, camp dishes (bowl, cup, fork), fishing gear, and my camera. Wet wipes, tooth paste/tooth brush, and toilet paper are also important. And, don't forget to pack something more substantial than granola bars and beef jerky, because fishing isn't always successful..."
"I have seen about 3 lunara's in hl since she was released, on of those was on release day by a teammate who had never played her before."
"This post has been removed by AutoModerator.

Please don't link to the the mobile version of a web page. Use the standard URL instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/soccer) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Regular twrp is incompatible with late manufactured N7-13's because different Emmc-chip. Perhaps that is the issue. In that case there is  a compatible multirom Twrp. Discussed many times on xda-&gt;N7-13-&gt;q&amp;a and in this subreddit.
"Jobs are only lost at first.  Once the workers are able to spend their increased pay, many more jobs will be created!  

I hate it when these economists think short term, it's what has made our economy so bad!"
"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duty_to_rescue

Also: 

&gt;In the United States, as of 2009 ten states had laws on the books requiring that people at least notify law enforcement of and/or seek aid for strangers in peril under certain conditions: California,[10][11] Florida,[10][12][13] Hawaii,[10][14] Massachusetts,[10][15] Minnesota,[10][16] Ohio,[10][17] Rhode Island,[10][18] Vermont,[10][19] Washington,[10][20][21] and Wisconsin.[10][22]

So there's like a 20%? chance you live where you could be held liable for inaction.

But he probably meant morally.

Related is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Good_Samaritan_law

"
Just when he goes to the bank then? People don't do that either.
Happy birthday Roy
"What I'm saying is that as a diehard Steeler fan I don't disagree with you.

But this isn't first time the whistle has been blown prematurely during a turnover situation.  That is what I thought we were supposed to be discussing."
race
"Our weld-shop hovers around the low 40's in winter, and a heavy-duty insulated hoodie was the best damn investment I made in 2015.

Cold fingers and toes are tolerable, but having a shitty low core-temp all day blows major dogmeat. "
ibuprofen/advil is a shit idea.  give him a glass of water.. so he has something to hurl later and not get him dehydrated.
"Electrical engineer, we have 0 women on site in engineering or on operations roles. They've all got desk jobs in the office block."
The absolute madman
Xbox 360- KuSHtY KaRrOt
They would think I'm a rapist because why? Ask yourself that and then ask if that reason is logical.
"Any post or comment by an account that is less than 28 days will be reviewed by a moderator.

**Please remember to review the [Subreddit Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/MUTCoinSelling/wiki/mcsrules), as well as the [Ways to Stay Safe](https://www.reddit.com/r/MUTCoinSelling/wiki/waystostaysafe) wiki, and the [How to Identify Scammers](https://www.reddit.com/r/MUTCoinSelling/wiki/howtoidentifyscammers) wiki.**

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/MUTCoinSelling) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"I think you'll get either Jennings, Kenny-Dowall or Copley, depending on what happens. Any of those are a big improvement over Morgan"
depends if they are fn serp trade up material
"Same, Sweet Tooth is a close second though"
But it doesn't effect the outcome of the stats at all? The augments are completely random no matter what?
"Just Cause 3

87456"
"thanks a lot, you figured we don't have cassava in our region :D we have everything you listed, thank you very very much for your time man!!"
can i crawl on that?
"She definitely did, but it just doesn't seem as loud as she usually is even though she had a really good reason to be."
"I consistently see these ""Tell me Leonard is the DPOY"" threads"
I'll buy it.  Just let me know when you plan to kick it off.
"Yes, we are on the exact same page.

I would prefer to see how Campbell and Ox develop and how Welbeck plays upon returning, then go shopping in the summer. Probably too early to consider Iwobi but he showed heaps of promise today. "
"We have a /u/pharmacovigilante, does that count?"
Ya mom
It's okay. We're replacing the trees with fire hydrants.
"That's more or less my point, he knew he was coming back next year so he skipped the probowl. He skipped again this year and there would be no real need to get his body right if he retired."
"They can funnel as much money into the races as they want, but without a clear ground strategy and effective mobilization along with smart and effective prioritization you wouldn't have the virtually unprecedented results we saw. 

For reference : see Jeb Bush"
I'll screen cap it when i get home
[deleted]
"[The opposite, actually.](http://www.livescience.com/38493-discrimination-weight-gain.html)"
[removed]
"Exercise. I am not suggesting this. I am telling you. Bro I was a fat kid who missed 30 days of high school his senior year. I've gotten fired a few times. I've dropped out of college. I've felt like crap. I know bro, I know. 

Trust me, it will be hard at first. Exercising will be hard but it will get easier. Everything in your life will get better with exercise. I am a living breathing example. You got this bro. You're gonna be better than you ever thought possible. You're gonna help a kid just like you find a way out. You're gonna be a leader. "
"Headphones that actually have more than one channel per ear tend to be terrible (looking at you razer tiamat 7.1), virtual surround is legitimately the better solution. If you want virtual surround just go for a sound card that has Dolby Headphone like the Xonar U3/DGX which will work with any pair of headphones.

The purchase advice thread should be able to help you pick out some nice headphones to go along with it."
Large open maps like Hoth = 3rd person. Cramped environment = first person.
"Deposited a lvl 10 male abra, IGN Baba, requesting for a shiny pidgeot. Thank you"
oh sorry it was someone else.. other guy sent instantly thought it was you
"I guess I mainly meant nanos as glitch plays and cheese plays that are extremely effective on offense. I guarantee you if an average  madden player with the best possible team vs the number 1 ranked player with an average team, the ranked player would easily win."
"I can't think of any solution off the top of my head, other than implementing a carrier-grade IPS appliance to detect suspicious traffic. This is one of the issues with implementing NAT large-scale, and not having routed connections end-to-end. 

NAT'ing your customers will also impact your procedures for CALEA compliance."
"That would be great I'm on EUW "
"If you don't mind digital games, Soul Sacrifice Delta is the updated version. Though you may have the original Soul Sacrifice already on PS+."
"updated, you now run when moving the stick. "
"&gt;However, the military industrial complex sucks you in, makes you do horrible things, and then spits you out.

That is in no way my experience. Nor the experience of anyone that I served with. This isn't the 60s and it's very clear that you have no idea what you're talking about. You're spouting off the same far-left rhetoric that the rest of reddit subscribes to. I bought it too - when I was 15 and had no real life experience with any of it. 

I would go to /r/politics if I wanted to hear the same condescending, uninformed bullshit. 


&gt;Your faith is supposed to be a part of every aspect of your life - including politics. If it's not, then you don't have a faith; you have a hobby. 

Yea, I'm not going to debate politics with you. Good luck using Jesus to encourage complicity in oppression, genocide and rape. 

""Bad men need nothing more to compass their ends, than that good men should look on and do nothing"" - John Stuart Mill

""The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing."" - Einstein "
"Bad comparison, serving whisky isn't compulsary by law, preventing euthanasia when the patient requests it (and he/she fulfills all the requirements) is illegal in Belgium. A doctor can refuse to perform euthanasia when it contrasts with his personal beliefs, but an institution can't. 

You can argue about whether it was a dick move to sue the care facility or not, but they didn't have the law on their side."
So is CP3 the greatest PG of all-time now?
"A third of it playing with my daughter, a third of it fucking my wife, a third of it getting drunk.

I've done 1/3 of those things already today, so it's an okay day to die."
"* AsapSCIENCE: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCC552Sd-3nyi_tk2BudLUzA
* Brady Haran channels on youtube: http://www.bradyharan.com/
* CGPGrey: https://www.youtube.com/user/CGPGrey/videos
* Engineer Guy: https://www.youtube.com/user/engineerguyvideo/videos
* Extra Credits Extra History series: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhyKYa0YJ_5Aq7g4bil7bnGi0A8gTsawu
* FilmTheorists: https://www.youtube.com/user/FilmTheorists/videos
* Kurzgesagt (In a Nutshell): https://www.youtube.com/user/Kurzgesagt/videos
* Last Week Tonight: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3XTzVzaHQEd30rQbuvCtTQ
* MinuteEarth: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeiYXex_fwgYDonaTcSIk6w
* minutephysics: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUHW94eEFW7hkUMVaZz4eDg
* Nerdwriter1: https://www.youtube.com/user/Nerdwriter1/videos
* TED-Ed: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsooa4yRKGN_zEE8iknghZA
* Vsauce (as mentioned before): https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6nSFpj9HTCZ5t-N3Rm3-HA
* Vsauce2: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqmugCqELzhIMNYnsjScXXw
* Vsauce3: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwmFOfFuvRPI112vR5DNnrA
* Vihart: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOGeU-1Fig3rrDjhm9Zs_wg
* Vice: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCn8zNIfYAQNdrFRrr8oibKw"
"Favorite - Anything violent (shootings, stabbings), foot and vehicle pursuits, and traffic stops because that's where I find the dope, guns, and warrants.

Least Favorite - civil disputes (i.e. - Rayjay has lived here for 6 months but now I want him to leave. Sorry lady, can't do anything for you.) and traffic accidents, which unless someone is hurt should be a completely civil matter and have no police intervention. 

Edit - foot and vehicle pursuits."
should half a circle not be 2rad + piRad? Or is that somehow the same as 2 * pi * rad?
"Money I've donated wasn't able to go through the reddit link (I was using dfa and bernie email links), and I'm sure I'm not the only one. I feel certain that this subreddit has donated even more than 750k"
459
JJ no :(
You could always just [kiss your drink](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/7oZ9QF5aOzQ/maxresdefault.jpg)
I've had noticeably different trips from different batches of LSD. I think it's a little deeper than you claim.
"We're talking about a proper name though, not actual steam, so I think it would stay Steam in any arrangement. "
Well I kind of loved that (in Bloodborne) you always knew when you entered a area where you could get invaded and it was up to you whether you let the bellringer live or die. Also I don't think practice helps with the fact that they don't take dmg (like I said) and they just 3 shot me
Dick drivers = stress
[deleted]
"That bit with Amethyst though, holy shit... "
What if you prefer what is best for those with money?
"Nothing wrong with just doing something like 2D post-processing - a boost is nice compare to not getting a boost. But not at the cost of increased delay. Beyond ~20-25 FPS, the main point of getting FPS higher is to reduce input delay imo. 
Does that apply to both the Ashes of the Singularity tests and the microsoft demo? Does DX12 allow any way to get around it? If yes and no, that sucks.  "
Thanks for the input. I appreciate your opinion!
"OH GOD THEY'RE DOING THE ANTERIOR DRAWER ACL TEST ON MACLIN

MACLIN'S SEASON IS OVER, QUESTIONABLE FOR WEEK 1"
did he play well? i didn't watch the game
I don't get it
Nah.
That's what you get for not saving that magnificent bastard.
"Why, you have to pay £8.70 for a prescription and e-cigarettes cost far less."
Why do you hate America?
[deleted]
"I'm the opposite, done knife and pistols but barely anything else"
"Just side note here in case you aren't aware of the weather. South buffalo does get a notable amount of more snow than the rest of the city. So when selecting a home in the area keep in mind you're in the lake effect belt. That quick 9 feet of snow we got last year in the fall. Everything north of downtown got a dusting, while south buff got 9'. So just something to consider when selecting a neighborhood to live in. "
"McGregor did truly amazing, but for a fight that short, there are still too many unanswered questions. "
"Don't worry, 3/4 of this sub doesn't understand basic ideas about privilege, that's not on me."
&amp; beards
Stop reverse raping us
"Well. I mean i do have a fark account. "
"Really? Mine was shipped five days ago, I ordered it on December 30! And I totally know what you mean, all this holiday food combined with what little skincare routine I had being thrown out the window has been disastrous for my poor skin. :("
It's a lot more readable for me. Thank you for considering this.
"She was awesome from the moment she first appeared, really."
100% wrong.
You can go with the directions or what your pharmacist recommend. Both are safe. my mom (a pharmacist) had me take 3 in the morning and 2 in the evening.
"I remember one night we convinced the server to play hide and seek, we used the forest map. It was actually a lot of fun"
"&gt; Then there's Chakotay. Yes, he left Starfleet to join the Maquis, but the Maquis were right. Cardassia was being a giant bag of secretive cat assholes and the Maquis called them on it.

I don't think that was ever in dispute. 

The Cardassians are nasty, cruel, untrustworthy, and secretive. They don't really like the federation or any of it's member races, and they are absolutely certain of their own racial superiority. This makes them rather frightening allies, but it makes any attempt to deal with them through force unacceptably messy. 

Starfleet decided that making peace and being perhaps overly generous in doing so was the best way to sway the Cardassians into their favor, and they were probably right given the gradual but growing unrest against the military rulers. The Maquis, on the other hand, didn't want to leave their colonies and were much bigger fans of the alternate ""kill the spoonheads"" approach to interstellar diplomacy. "
[Try this](https://youtu.be/C3z6CQ_0KvE?t=62)
"I pretty much adore every single moment from the moment Snake is captured to the finale where he salutes The Boss' grave. "
..ok?
"I've been on a non-food diet for two days after a horrible incident with a seafood pizza.

can we stop with the food commercials now please?"
This is still a thing because you have to fund police departments somehow after cutting taxes to stay in office.
"no worries. 
You might have some luck [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mashups/comments/2b4nfc/mashup_challenge_week_21_beach_boys_addition/)  we had a beach boys contest one week

or just search ""beach boys"" on the sidebar and limit your searches to /r/mashups"
Thanks!
Charles' KO of KJ Noons is so vicious
[deleted]
"Aye, but more importantly, the person under the spell would *not* leave that astral signature on whatever he's handling whenever he's using the increased attribute. And that's apparently what cagevscage's GM decided to do in regards to adept powers."
"Great Chiefs will go into New England/Denver without their number 1 receiver. "
You too! I appreciate the quick hatch =)
"Pffft amateur, I just use cheats."
What song is that at the end of the video?
[deleted]
"HaganaiMayo ChikiSekireiAsura CryinOverlordPrison SchoolKampferInu x Boku SSNisekoiSaekanohave fun"
[deleted]
"Slow is smooth, smooth is fast. "
[Album](http://imgur.com/a/NAsxL)
[deleted]
"five seconds is more than enough time to read that ""article"" anyway."
"The fur is perfect. I'd play with you any day, including feeling that fur on my face!"
"Thanks man, I appreciate it. A lot of people have been personally attacking me over this post. Good to see that someone who hasn't had the bias of being here so long, still agrees with me. You honestly worded it better than me, but I had no clue that it would cause such a disturbance in the community. You should do your best to work towards what you believe in, you seem like a valuable member. "
_Hopefully_
"That's some sick racism mate. Do a simple google of the guy he signed to Yo Gottis label and Gotti even got him a Lamborghini as a signing bonus.

Kill yourself with that racist shit tho."
"[Here, this is for you](http://imgur.com/gallery/sy9lVl4)

Edit: Holy crap, thanks!"
"Given that you can't even predict the **name** of the series... I'd say you don't have a lot of credibility in this regard. 

(The **movie** coming out in July 2016 is called '[Star Trek Beyond](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2660888/)' and the **series** coming out in January 2017 ""[is not related to the upcoming feature film *Star Trek Beyond*](http://www.cbs.com/shows/star-trek-series/)"".)
"
"Yeah, but we changed the fields halfway through the season from natural to artificial turf as critics wanted."
"Kudos for 322 days! I'm glad you've tip-toed out of ""lurkdom"" and hope you will continue to share about your recovery. "
Slowest but imminent death?
Weird that the router doesn't say.. what does the OS say?
"From episode 31, Brady and Grey talking about ""unveiling"" a new video."
"I guess the sound is similar, but aren't XB1 controller triggers really springy and linear? Topres are tactile and have a very different force curve, I think. There is thock in both though!"
This made me so happy!!
"A very good point, and well put. Thanks."
theramin
"Depending on your work history I would check out river north area

Plenty of busy restaurants around there

"
[removed]
"Quinn quickly looked up. ""Yes? Is there something you need?"""
I really appreciate that... I wish you all the best.
Like with a knife?
Shit they're gonna kill Cap. Big mistake.
aaaand now its going to get really ugly.
"Worst. "
I've sold 3 out of 5 relatively quick. And couple people added me just to tell me i got nice prices :/
But we get screwed when it comes to Congress. The fact that Idaho and Wyoming have four Senators and barely equal Manhattan+Staten Island is ridiculous. Lots of power per citizen.
"He did.

But then he said only with sportswear/streetwear/joggers.

So, everything to him is just certain things."
The sexiest of *assaults*
This seems pretty interesting. I think I would read.
"Here's food for thought. Say OP whipped his gun out and as you say, justifiably shot the kid. I am one of the bystanders nearby, I don't see the kid rush OP, just OP shooting at the kid. In my mind OP is the threat as he's firing off his gun near me, so time to whip out my gun too and start shooting ya? Sounds like a clusterfuck to me in which no one wins"
"Jack is saving E-sports history. "
Thank you very much.
";_; y u do dis

i'll just go back to swinging my Burial Blade around pretending to be Qrow"
"""Kills self for Dark Judas/Doesn't kill self for Revived Lazarus"""
"I for one find the sound in the vacuum to be more annoying than the possible quirks and freedoms with gravity. 

I kind of get it when they shoot from inside the structures machines and various units moving in space making sounds, because I think maybe sound gets transmitted through the pipework and structural elements, why not. 

But when they shoot a space ship flying by at a distance and I still hear an oozing sound, it's quite a bit annoying. Mostly because I can't see why the filmmakers would sacrifice physical actuality for what they believe is artistic expression. Personally for me, following the laws of physics would have added so much more to the authenticity of this otherwise excellent show."
This is cringeworthy.
"&gt; plus TheFineBros apparently trying to trademark reaction videos.

Wow, talk about climbing the ladder and pulling it up after you..."
I found a Canadian dime on my street once. It's a tie between that and seashells. I live a boring life &lt;3
There goes 60% of Smite's player base.
"I noticed that too. I actually hate the fact as well. For example, I volunteered at a hospital for a little while, but absolutely HATED it. All I got to do was refill the ER tech's supplies when they were running low. That, and just a bunch of BS filing papers. I didn't learn anything, nor was I helping anyone. If anything, the techs would be annoyed when I had a question about where the supplies were and would end up getting it themselves. 

So now I just started shadowing a physician every week. But while I'm shadowing (family practice), I get to be in the room with the patient, listen to them and the doctor interact, learn about common infections/prescriptions/dosages, and sometimes even help with extremely simple procedures. For example, if a child comes in and needs a cyst drained, the doctor will allow me to help the nurses hold the patient down if needed. 

I don't know if my shadowing situation is unique and may also count for volunteer hours since I'm technically helping as well. But the point is, when you make cookie cutter definitions for certain things, all it does is limit people. "
"I wouldn't say that Jaime's unaware of things. He straight up says in ASOS that all his brothers were away at the end of the rebellion but that he was kept close because Aerys didn't trust him and wanted Varys to be able to keep a watch on him. I.e every other KG was out doing Aerys' orders because Aerys did trust them and didn't feel that he needed Varys to constantly spy on them.

So Jaime does know that his brothers were off obeying Aerys in some capacity seeing as he knows he wasn't allowed out of sight like they were."
"Thanks, i see many people writing about it nowadays, but it hasn't come that poupular yet, i guess i'll check it out a bit more often."
"A good candidate makes myself (and others) feel like we can make a difference in the world. 

Hope and Change wasn't about a revolution as it was about one man. 

Bernie makes this campaign about his supporters, he encourages political participation, and standing up to big money in politics. 

It doesn't matter about whether he can accomplish half the things he talks about. 

**To quote Heath Ledger's Joker**:

""This isn't about money....this is about sending a message, everything Berns.""

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OyrX11cMkE

His campaign, his supporters are sending a message to the political establishment. 
And it terrifies them to no end, that Bernie cannot be bought (like Trump).

It's a battle between far left vs. far right in 2016.

And the establishment structure will crumble in it's wake, regardless of who wins. 

I'm just choosing the jedi over the sith. 



"
"This video lacks practical advice. I can grasp what you're referring to when referencing these animes but they don't make practical sense..and I also don't know who Daigo is so that definitely doesn't help. For example I'm getting bopped mid game by Ness (I fucking hate Ness) what would I do with that frustration? I can't scream, and I can't do ninja shit. "
"I hate animals in Requiem. I hate them. They are a pain, they kill my fun, I always console - Kill them. Is there a way to get rid of them or to have them to a way lower level ?"
"You don't have to know how to cook to own a restaurant. "
"They're like boomerangs. "
[deleted]
"&gt;Stupid libruls dont understand science.

Ftfy"
Ha!! What a great look! I get that look anytime I talk while my LO is nursing. Such 'tude
That's rough. It sucks when people rip the rug out from under you like that.
"Fans understand that this doesn't work every single time, right? "
"*All by myself...........* [don't wanna live all by myself.....](https://youtu.be/EzoazPPC7b8?t=1m32s)




I dare ya to click the link, I double dog dare ya."
"&gt; trying to rule out either possibility at this point is ridiculous.

I'm not trying to rule out anything. All I'm asking is a very GENUINE question (which this topic alluded to). I want to know how our knowledge about human beings and our experience can help us understand Avery if he's guilty. I'm not implying that it's impossible. I'm saying that I can't understand at this point based on the knowledge and experience I have in human and social sciences and with criminals. I would simply appreciate some contribution on this. This topic illustrates one of the ways (altho sarcastically) that it seems a very bizarre human being if he did it based on what we know about the circumstances and Steven Avery, they seem too absurd to be real.

Going on and on about false assumptions, proving this that and the other is completely besides the point. It's like you're assuming I think I know he's innocent and am playing some argumentative game with you."
Go to the Microsoft website and use the media creation tool to make a bootable USB using your licence key.
"Of course, there's a bit more for honest advice, that's not a physical necessity, just a safety feature. This has to be a lot of windmills, which has a lot of people to your own unrealistic standard."
I'm just trash talking. Fuck everybody is sensitive.
"Sometimes I think half the Trump supporters out there are just so butthurt about SJWs they're willing to literally elect a troll into office to see them cry. It's almost amusing in itself seeing them flip out every time some hippy says 'save the trees!' but it's also not very productive. Why in the world are you guys so pissed off about SJWs in the first place? It's as bad as teenagers who flip out about hipsters or bronies, and as obnoxious if not not worse than what they're flipping out about in the first place."
"You need to be firmer with 1st to 2nd as the space in between is the N position. As you're going through it, your neutral light will come on. I'd see this as normal."
I was stuck there for a while
"I've spent a *lot* of time in bars for work, and been involved with some very high-end establishments. This looks nicer than a lot of those."
It is definitely a good addition for more variety in the stuff you can make!
"It's a bad thing because if you brainwash people into hating someone for a label, be it ""racist"" or whatever and then you dehumanize them, you miss the critical thinking that is necessary to justify the hate mobs and boycotts and such SJWs organize. 

Hating misogynists is bad. Ok. That sounds good in theory. 

Beating women is misogynistic. So far so good, I hate wife beaters. 

That guy commented he finds that girl sexuall attractive. OOH MISOGYNY LET'S KILL HIM!!  wait hold on here. 

You can't just say somebody is racist and then use that as an excuse to say hurr I haye racists. What if they're not racist? What if you're just using an unreasonably broad definition of racist that has no basis in what the word actually means?"
[removed]
woof
Any English?
"All aboard the totalitari-train!  Choo, choo!"
"People complain about ticket prices now. Can you imagine the out roar if a new stadium is built in the most valuable land in America? "
"He was a jerk that almost made me not graduate on time.  His class' homework had nothing to do with the lectures and there was nothing in the textbook about it.  I ended up failing all of the homeworks and getting B's on the exams.  He gave me my only failing grade in college.  To this day, I loathe him.  "
"He probably holds his mic up to the speakers and plays yesterday's intro to record the one for today's video. "
"[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/BMW/comments/436161/paint_correction_on_my_2008_328i/) by /u/thanksiworkout in /r/BMW "
3rd base because I played 3rd in high school
"My husband is more logical the further away we are, but still able to to see the underhanded daft shit when it's pointed out to him. I did not have to point out why bringing a sleeping infant downstairs at the holidays while the drunk adults and children were playing a NERF war was a bad idea, even if MIL was huffing and pouting and offended by my saying no and sending manipulative texts. Thank fuck because I'd already spent the day keeping her away from the really drunk ones who wanted to hold her and I probably would have just punched someone out at that point. I feel your pain."
Thanks for not putting my episode title on! Yet again!
"Hah sorry that was 5 am for me, I couldn't type."
"Battery. Assault is the threat or insinuation of force. Battery is the punching/action of attacking. "
"Here's a link to the calendar for those wanting to check things out \

http://teamup.com/kse3cd10acc46016fc/?utm_source=Twitch_cal&amp;utm_medium=social_media&amp;utm_content=twitch_calendar&amp;utm_campaign=twitch?pp=136a72d2b5ccfbe155304a3a09493e6ee840732e"
Same here. iPhone 4.
"Top cars, what a fucking joke! "
Fallout 4 ballistic weave is real then :O
"&gt;This is an injustice.

She will live in fear for the rest of her days. He will be out the feel the last of the summer sun next year."
"Its college, that's different. No MLB, NHL, NBA or NFL team will move to LV. "
"Hmm yeah, this is why I'm not outdoorsy."
"One that's uber-frugal, you can often get pork ribs really cheap.

Put rack of ribs in a crock pot with a couple tins of chopped tomatoes and some stock, soften some onion and garlic separately and add it in.  If you slow cook it long enough you'll be able to pull the bones out and shred the pork. Add Italian herbs for an awesome Ragu/bolognese. "
"Zatoichi: The Blind Swordsman

There is a whole series of them and they're great!"
"I'm glad I'm not the only one who reacted angrily. I actually had to get away for a few minutes. I was about to post something that'd get me banned from Reddit, but I cooled down enough to realize what I would have written wouldn't change something I'm not standing within arms reach of to do anything about.

I hope anyone who ever sees something like this in real life doesn't just sit an film. In fact don't film. Turn everything off an do something. That man is possibly old enough to have seen Europe go through at least one major war that torn it apart. And lived through parts of history we only read about. And look how he's treated. Don't watch and film if you're able to help. I don't fault the person taking the video as they may have felt they couldn't do anything for their own reasons. But two is always better than one. And that man could have hurt the other badly. Stand up for each other and help send a message that civilized people in the western world won't sit an watch while an animal assaults a man or woman. "
"The US...maybe they've already sold out? "
"Disclaimer: This isn't professional dental advice.

The most helpful picture is the last one. But from the chalky white color at the edge of the tooth and the fact that there's some brownish/black at the junction to the adjacent tooth, I'm gonna have to GUESS you have a pretty big interproximal (between the teeth) cavity.

Get it taken care of ASAP or else you'll be paying 10x more for it. No joke. A filling can cost ~$200. A root canal, build-up, and crown? $2,000+.

"
Thanks!!! It's a word I actually cannot seem to keep alive in my memory!
[deleted]
Looking at the story in this manner just brings so much more to enjoy from a fan's perspective. Nice spin you put on it there.
"Sister has a dog. Her favorite toy, apart from that old ratty one, is whatever she thinks your favorite toy is. "
[deleted]
"Definitely come to Scotland! It's awesome and 1000x better than stinky England. Edinburgh alone is such a beautiful city with soo much history! And if you do come, come during the Fringe festival in the month of August - it's insane.

I'm currently a student studying computer arts, but I work as waiting staff part time"
"Ok, you got me with that stat. I had no idea. That is goddamned amazing."
"A black USB cable is sexy?

You like the black mamba?"
"&gt; Maybe we can have a hallucination three-way? He can fuck me while I go down on you!

I feel like....**I'M GOING CRAZY!**

(god dammit Arin)"
Yeah that sounds fun. Oh! I'm Clementine by the way.
"I noticed the graphical options straight away since I always check options menus on any game the first time I play.

Turned off that aberration effect and set sharpen straight to 100%, to me it looks way better now."
"The goddamn Fine Bros are so anal about what image they put out there, I checked their Wikipedia article to see if any substantial edits had been made today. Thank God there weren't any..."
"Reading each dot point talking to myself at work; nicely, yes, finally!, cool, mad, love it, love it. 

Can anyone confirm that the dupe bugs are indeed gone?

"
"Just  curious. "
"I absolutely appreciate the necessity for recovery.  And professionalism.  Yep, that's me: expert in recovery and professionalism.  Totally.

* [Camilla Queen](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B_j_otINT0juNU9KcHhMdWZmU3M)

((Face/Dronomancer.))

*****

Retrieval shouldn't be a problem.  If you need a steady hand on the tiller, you won't find a better consummate professional.

* [Papa Grizzly](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B_j_otINT0juYVNULUtsZldyYmM)

((Old Ork Nationalist Samurai; Common Sense now included.))

*****

((Last run: Recent.  Player Karma: 250+.))
"
He will wait until his campaign funds are dried up. He might survive a few more weeks.
"&gt; It doesn't sound like it doesn't need to sound like it my account was hacked

What. "
"Admittedly, I wouldn't stop someone with a butane torch.... but how does this not end up noticed? It must smell something awful."
"I'm considering committing a crime just so I can hire these guys. I know we only heard them in the context of law, but I think I could learn a lot of general life advice."
"Why would I troll or lie? I've been playing the game since launch, have added many mods - most increasing texture/particle system detail (texture mods, true storms, object mods etc) and the game never, ever ran poorly for me.  I did tweak the INI files to improve mouse smoothing and forced vsync on with the Nvidia control panel and Nvidia inspector but that's it.  I always have every setting maxed out including godrays.  I even use Biloba's Tweak Tool to make sure everything is maxed out and can't be broken by the Fallout 4 launcher (it can set the INI files to read only).  The game definitely saw some improvements with the first and second round of patches but it never ran poorly for me.  I think of only one time where it dipped to 35 fps in the middle of the city when placing a MILA at the very top of the medical centre. "
http://i.imgur.com/0tRG7N0.png
"Same. I even had a little curl in the front, all the girls like me.

Now I shave my head and grow a beard. It's the best I can do."
Wellllll sheit.
"[Hey Lani, what's going on with moving Hellsing to the main channel?](https://youtu.be/SA6J03pUizE?t=7)"
Seems Jagex's socialist program is in full swing.
What is this? I don't even
"Taken from the POH:

&gt;An altimetric valve provides an automatic passengers masks actuation function at a cabin altitude between 13000 and 14000 ft when “OXYGEN” switch is set to ON

Of course that doesn't help them upfront."
\#GrowingUpBlackAlthoughThisHappensToFuckingEveryone
He is Shia Muslim.  Their religion does not allow you to sit and eat at a table where alcohol is present.
"Wow, you know Amsterdam quite well for not living there :D keen to move in? "
Whoa.
You're crazy
I love it. But what's it powered by?
You can still board it
"I think Pelosi just wanted to be categorical in her denial of wanting to raise taxes on the middle class. She wanted to be so clear about it that she didn't want the word ""except"" anywhere in the sentence, even if it was followed by ""the wealthiest americans."" "
"I think the only times I got paranoid where when I was out in public having fun gettint baked when I knew I should have been studying for a test or helping my parents or hell working. "
"Heh. "
"Yes, it will. He's actually very likeable and humble at times. Those moments seems to be getting fewer and fewer though."
"Having said that, finding a handsome, enthusiastic third is hard."
"yeah, i have the tunnelworm and it does the trick nicely."
It would be a lot better if he had a blueiculous amount of money. :)
"Ya, I'll work on getting some HD GIFs. Still learning about rendering and compressions of GIFs. "
"Absolutely not. At the extreme:

http://time.com/money/4166577/guinness-record-credit-card-holder/"
"&gt; Currently the game is extremely 5star or bust in terms of the success of a pull.

*After a point*.  Eventually, yeah, you're tripping over 4* relics.  But even after playing for a few months there's still plenty of 4* relics I'd love to get second or third copies of."
Where can I find more golf channel specials?
"This shit isn't going to work. That's like copyrighting ""the phone"". 

There's no way they can rightly claim that they started the reaction videos first, and no way they can prove it is unique to them. 

For example, Games Workshop changed the name of some of their IP to ensure they would get a solid copyright control over it. One such IP is the Astra Militarum. They ***used*** to be called Imperial Guard, but as you can see, there's no way they can copyright that as it's too general. 

There's no way that The Fine Bros can copyright a reaction video. It's too general of a term. They can maybe copyright the type of effects that they use if they are unique to their channel. 

Either way, this is likely to hurt their brand rather than help. "
This is what I needed clarification on! I wasn't sure if the files were compressed to use less data or just normal file size...
You should probably start by telling us if this is a tournament or a cash game.
"I'm not quite sure on the specifics of what triggered this; but if you remember the racing swimsuit fad from a few months ago, its basically that.  Pictures of some girl dressed in cat lingerie ended up going viral on the web and the internet did as the internet does and started dressing all their waifus in it."
[deleted]
nope
"Calling a transsexual person a tranny is like calling a black person a nigger. It's not generally seen as a polite thing to do. They probably wouldn't want to be involved with you if you called them rude names.

"
"Crap...Sorry, thanks for clarifying that."
"Hello /u/Kcrazy1011, your submission appears to be extremely short (less than 200 characters), so please make sure that it's within the subreddit [**rules**](/r/Drugs/wiki/rules), check out our Wiki pages on [**common drugs**](/r/Drugs/wiki/drugs) and the [**drug knowledge base**](/r/Drugs/wiki/knowledgebase) or use the search option to the right.

After you've done a little research, feel free to write a few more sentences and [**resubmit**](/r/Drugs/submit?selftext=true) your post.
You can also re-post this and write `(This cannot be easily googled)` in the text (not title!) of the post to exempt yourself from this rule. Users breaking the rules and using this bypass will be banned.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Drugs) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"The other characters are worth quite a bit, even some of the Sheldon variants "
[deleted]
"Oh god. "
Molly makes everybody better friends. It's actually kind of beautiful.
"I've been to Andrew's Pharmacy, next to Sloane Square, a few times. I work very nearby, so it's rather convenient for me.  "
"I'm 14 and their kind of doing this in school except they are just saying all these things and not explaining what they are and how to deal with them example:
Teacher-This is an income
Student-what's that?
Teacher-OK there is no questions so I will just move in"
Post this to r/caseclickertrades
"I honestly do not think the pacers take Kawhi with the 15th pick if the trade was not going to happen. Indiana already had Paul George and Danny Granger and Granger, although injured, was projected to be able to come back full strength. 

With two prominent wings, they have no use for a tertiary wing player, especially one who cannot shoot the ball. 

Furthermore, if you consider their woes at the pg spot, its more than likely that the pacers would have drafted someone else. Not sure who, because only pgs i saw remaining were reggie jackson, norris cole and im not sure what their draft stock was in 2011. 

Overall, i think it is inevitable they trade their pick. Or they just draft a center/pf to bolster their front court next to hibbert. vuccimane?"
"I had the same problem, but I had only had symptoms for about 2 weeks, so they said it just came in really fast and strong"
I think in that case it's just fucking incorrect.
"Well, he was fucking wasted on RW and up front on numerous occasions. "
Is that your gay friend by any chance?
"Really? I paid $300 for my ps4. I paid $150 for my xbox 360.

That's $450. If you include games it goes up.

So once again get the PC out your ass."
"Yeah, and they straight up lied about why.  If it does actually crap out I'm going to be so pissed."
"Oh right, like the time he was selling us a 20MB hard fork that would've killed the network as we know it."
So is la liga though
Hit the button as soon as the bullet passes over the button and then quickly back away. Repeat.
"If it's in a house or a private property then it's no where close to "" leaving loaded guns in public parks and on roadsides"""
"&gt; Somehow, new jobs get created to replace the old ones.

In the past this has generally been the case, but that doesn't mean it will always be true. Milton's argument is that automation leads to unemployment in certain fields, but that those freshly unemployed people will just go to a new market which is creating new job opportunities.

A couple of things are wrong with this argument. Unskilled/low skilled jobs are easier to automate than high skilled jobs. If cashiers and truck drivers lose their jobs to automation, they won't necessarily be able to become computer programers or engineers. Also, his argument doesn't consider that even in the new job opportunities, automation will likely play a big role as well. In a future where artificial intelligence is capable of doing most or all tasks that a human can do, it won't matter how many new jobs are created by technological innovation, those jobs will not be going to humans.

Don't get me wrong, I agree with you and Milton Friedman that this is progress and that we should be embracing it. However, I also believe that big changes will have to be made to the economy if we want it to not be a nightmare. Capitalism might not work anymore if a large enough portion of the population is unemployed."
I thought Geralt said it was the 13th century in HoS?
"Did Merriweather try to injure a defenseless receiver after the play was clearly over? I mostly remember him dangerously breaking up passes, which is a bit different, to me. "
Holy.....fucking.....shit.....
"I would only mount the 15cm on the Borsig if I was looking for some fun. Yes it's high alpha is very appealing but it's lack of pen and so-so gun handling can make it somewhat erratic when damage needs to be done. The 12.8cm is much more reliable.

Fun wise though, there's nothing quite like brawling on a city map in a Borsig with the 15cm. Sure you have no armour but they can't shoot you if they're dead and on fire."
"I went to 2 Targets in town today and couldnt find them in the Lego or Star Wars aisles. I finally found them at the check out. Look at the bottom rack of the checkout lines, usually under the batteries and such. There were a few there. "
Good enough! I wanna change my paddle layout when play different games. Thank you for your reply :)
[deleted]
"You see kids, blazing always wins!"
"I'm going to keep his food the same just add a higher quality seed to it.  I have to go to the store to check the nutritional analysis, I can't seem to find it online.  I will also add a few dried mealworms daily because I read that robos need extra protein because they are more active - and my little guy is certainly active.  He is still young and he runs on his wheel almost the whole time he is awake.  I am also buying him a second cage to connect giving him twice the amount of space."
"And the most entertaining game will have an anticlimactic ending "
Holy shit. Holy shit.
"Yep but it's effective in curtailing the Dominion. 

The choices in ""total war"" are seldom good choices. 

That's kind of what the entire Dominion War storyline underscored so well. The players involved *could* resort to some really nasty options but didn't. Everyone, Founders included, realized that some genies won't go back into the bottle. 

Individual players did pull some dirty tricks but when they failed they reigned it in. Those tricks worked in an all or nothing sense. 

Given the technology involved, *Mutually Assured Destruction* was a longtime given in the Alpha quadrant. The Klingons, Romulans and Federation were locked in a long running Cold War. Each had access to some nasty options but didn't utilize them because of a tripartite *detente*. If one took out another the 3rd party would be fresh and able to sweep the , now weakened, table. 

Outlier Powers like the Cardassians, Tholians, Gorn, Talarites, Breen and the Tzenkethi were largely hemmed in by these superpowers. They were potent forces in and of themselves but not large enough to survive the type of ""Scorched Earth"", planetary attrition warfare that the Big 3 could engage in. 

The Dominion upset that balance of power. They made overtures to the Big 3 but those powers didn't want the delicate balance upset. They chose to align with the outliers who didn't perhaps understand what was really at stake. The loss of all of their home systems. 

The Dominion made one play for a total system sterilization, Bajor with a large combined fleet inside its confines. That plan failed and they rightly realized that forcing the UFP and its allies into a Scorched Earth conflict would heavily favor the Alliance forces, they had way more planetary systems. Even if the Dominion and its allies could destroy 4 systems for everyone they lost they'd still run out of planets far sooner than the Alliance and there were Alliance systems that were months away at maximum warp. 

Using ""super weapons"" is only viable if you have more of them than the enemy and super weapons are really just gimmicks when the other guy can make a star go nova.   


In that sense calling the Borg down on your enemies protected backfield makes logical sense. It's a better choice than blowing up a bunch of stars which you might need later on. It's deffinately better than blowing up your own stars. 

The Borg are going to be a problem later on no matter what. That's a given. Making the other guy deal with them first is a smart play. While Jem'Hadar Drones sounds nasty, it's not that much tougher than Klingon Drones. The Dominion has a few pieces of tech that the Borg might like but overall not anything that would suddenly make the Borg an even more terrifying force than they were before. "
"I'm not inclined to support the NFL at all now. They're going to end up giving cash to the Raiders to stay while finding any way they could not to let the Rams profit off naming rights, seat buys, etc. We never stood a chance. "
9
"Dr_Killbrew hunter "
"Poor Kentucky, our hearts go out to you from Missouri. At least you haven't made it to were sex is now tax deductible; as long as you are a politican!"
[removed]
r/cfb is about to burn to the ground. ROLL TIDE!!!!
"My mom used to work for one of those fundraising companies when I was little, and when I was ""sick"" or off school I would go to her work and go in the warehouse and play with all the toys. It was awesome. This warehouse was huge, and it was absolutely filled with toys. I always got to take some home, too. "
"Not as into Disturbed as I used to be, but I'll take this over one direction. i might actually end up buying these"
"You ever used a level 4 Pekka? Those things wreck TH8's in Gowipe strategies. "
"Put them up on craigslist or ebay. I wouldn't expect much for these, but someone like a haunted house might be looking for used curtains (for cheap)."
"seriously, guaranteed top comment."
Take a goddamn nap. *Finally* some peace and quiet!
I love the episode where Fonzi jumps a shark!
"Yeah, In that case it looks like I'm going to be in my living room for this one. Unfortunate that they cant make more of an accommodation for residents of San Diego. Enjoy the game, pal :)"
[Saturn V.](https://www.google.com/search?q=saturn+v&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjtjqijvKPKAhUHqR4KHfjnCXQQ_AUIBygB&amp;biw=1270&amp;bih=661)
So much time.
"There is also a nod to snow white and the Seven dwarves "
[95 yard  kickoff return touchdown by Kenyan Drake](https://streamable.com/atib)
"Nah, last year was your year. You get one! :P"
and it'll be in the US?! score!!!
So how come you don't have to complete the dive in the endzone but you have to complete the catch.....half kidding
"""Guess that BOT"" the new hot online game everyone is talking about!"
"Yeah, like those machines they use to take a guy's height when he's getting his identification card done? I don't know, when I see a girl I find attractive I put my back all the way up(hurts) and I take up space and all that alpha male nonsense that I do without even thinking about it."
Just regular BFG All terrain KO.
That is a truth that some people who've never had a devoted family simply can't understand or relate to.
Is that a good thing or a bad thing? Love the excitement though
You'd be pretty wrong.
"That's amazing, what a legend. 

No wonder their spawn don't understand consequences, when their parents clearly don't consider them either."
Thanks adding now!
"Is that a planer hiding down there? "
"Any particular reason why you don't like it.  Because I've heard Halo Reach be very on and off.  Like either people like it or people don't. There's not really any in between. I personally did see a lot of flaws with the game but I still enjoyed it a lot. (Particularly the story)
But I could definitely see why people didn't like it. Just curious to see as to why you didn't prefer it over the other Halo's.  But I definitely agree that Halo 5 is starting to climb up to my #1 spot very rapidly."
Go Terps!
They are following the Destiny game model.
Yup it's so natural looking. Great job OP!
I just don't tend to look at names I guess!
"https://youtu.be/5TLASiDL1mc?t=45m35s

check it out.  Knee high is ""amazingly big"" for sandspit."
"I agree.. whatever they're using isn't as good as the old rock salt or whatever it was. 
...and yes, I have amazing all weather tires. "
[removed]
"I don't want this to happen, but it might happen."
[removed]
"They sent an email!

http://i.imgur.com/7trJTN9.png"
"They did but ran out.

I here there's a shortage. "
Vegeta
Mate half your team is having trouble even standing let alone standing out.
[Elans](http://www.d20srd.org/srd/psionic/psionicRaces.htm#elans) are a fairly obvious choice.
Do you have the reciept? I urge you to take it back and get a new one.
[removed]
[deleted]
SAAAAAAACK
"Get 10 mining (dorics quest?) then do a knights sword, then dwarf cannon. you may or may not need to do a couple iron knives or something between knights sword and dwarf cannon"
Lol k
Pretty much.
"Weekly World News is also a lot more fun to read.

Remember when they reported that astronomers had sighted a B-24 crashed on Mars with Elvis in the pilot's seat?   Crazy, crazy fun."
"interesting, thanks!"
"I thought Sbisa was bad?

I wouldn't be surprised but the parity at the bottom is strong this year. I think 5-8 is reasonable for you guys."
"Thank you. "
310 hunter ToM herp-uhh-derp willing to be relic runner.
"Lmaoo got em "
What a time to be alive
[deleted]
k
They didn't lie about it during a deposition in which they were defending themselves against claims of sexual misconduct in the work place
"Put one of those bolts or chains up near the top of the door, then you don't have to hover, and you get a little added security"
I just saw the movie - it was horrifying!
"Gallman will not be denied. "
aahhhhhhhh
"4 down territory "
"seen this a million times and just now contemplated that he may be fucking with us "
[removed]
"She's not much of a flight risk since she is wearing a GPS monitor, which is the reason why the bond was reduced.  This is very standard."
I usally feel that way about alabama on espn
"I've got it! we put Weber on waivers and convert Higgins to D what could go wrong "
every 2 weeks
Dear god... ಠ__ಠ
Are Clemson fans?
"Check Google, but I don't think that would exist. USB headsets need extra power and special drivers that couldn't be provided through a 3.5mm port."
"Super nice. Five extra days. Like an idiot,  I didn't use any. "
"Only if you get too much unicode traffic. "
"I understand your therapist's point-- but the thing is, she won't be living with the consequences of contacting your Ns. You will.

&amp;nbsp;

And as for regret? I grieved for my parents' deaths... but not for long, because their deaths didn't erase everything they did. For me, the grief and regret was for the parents we never had-- not for the people they really were."
Going for 2!
They took off am extra 2 seconds off the clock
My pleasure!
"How did the third quarter not get 10000 comments? It had an unfair advantage having halftime as well.

Edit: that td though"
This game is amazing.
"WOOOHOOO!!!! What a beautiful drive! "
"I've had the same experience. Pretty horrible with brush but when I just wet my neck, rub a bit in with my fingers, then give just a splash more water, I get some of the best shaves I have ever had. I've gone through a handful of tubes and love the stuff."
"Almost vince young "
"Your submission was automatically removed because unicis.ch is not an approved site. Please view [our Wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/wiki/index) for approved domains and a full list of rules.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/aww) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"It means that in all likelihood the apartment management company tried to take you to court.  Made every reasonable attempt to deliver the notice of claim.  With no response to the notice of claim it means a default judgement was awarded (they win - you lose).  

On the credit report it has information about who currently owns the debt and who took you to court.  It will have the name of the company and the phone number.

It's somewhat surprising they haven't acted on it (frozen your bank account or garnished wages).  Contact them to pay it off or negotiate a repayment plan.  Once they've gotten the judgement it's more difficult to negotiate a smaller amount but not impossible.  In all likelihood they'll want the full amount."
"I'm sorry, are you saying meow?"
"In other news, 44% of the city chose to award him the key to the city. "
"EMS and firefighting does, at least. Don't agree with any of us over 16 hour shifts"
"Welcome to the club,  pal!"
"Btw, how long ago did you buy the card?"
"I ordered Circle Loops and TVC and neither of them tasted right to me. This was right when you launched. Circle Loops especially had like a weird chemically lemon taste over a very muted cereal flavour. Maybe that's just par for the course with cereal flavours? Never had one before that. TVC had a bit of a weird taste as well, although I mistakenly ordered it in 0mg nic so that could add to why I didn't enjoy it. 

Maybe they're just low on the flavouring and it's the plain VG that I'm tasting? Either way it just wasn't enjoyable to me. Customer service was great though!"
There are 42 million dollars worth of hospital tissues and towels on the ground.
"It was 30 seconds back then and it did more damage and stunned, 30 seconds is fine for an easy to miss ability"
"Do you think if they do, a small toy, a riddle and a hat will fall out?"
you need lots of adds
"LMAO yuh. Apoc is meant to be this ancient, sophisticated force and he took the time to manufacture the first letter of his name on his outfit. Like fashion would've mattered."
"...agreed. I buy (and sell) a lot of used clothing and it's painfully rare to come across good alterations -- I'm sure some I totally miss; often the only evidence is that the tag size doesn't match the garment. I sew, but have a fabulous seamstress; she makes high-end clothing in her day job. If you also have somebody who does a great job for a good price, I'd just stick with that.

The amateur alterations are always so bad the mind boggles. Invariably they pretty much ruin the garment, which is probably why I'm looking at it in a second-hand shop...

If you want to put serious effort into it and get yourself to the point where *you* could do it for others for pay, because you enjoy it, swell; it will take a while, you'll learn a new skill, a gently marketable one, and you'll be able to take a thrift store skirt with beautiful fabric in a completely wrong size and quickly make it a custom fit. But it will be a lot of work to get there.

Blog ""tutorials"" are usually pretty amateur and it's hard to sort the wheat from the chaff. I'd look at books on the topic."
"It's helpful to realize how great of a sinner you are. With the graces you have received, God expects more of you. We are still ungrateful for all he's given us, for the knowledge and love of Jesus, for the death of his only son...for all the sacraments we've received, etc. We must look at ourselves as greater sinners...the greatest of all sinners (as the saints before us would call themselves) than those who have yet to receive the grace and mercy of God because that is the truth if you be honest with yourself. God came to save sinners, not the righteous.

God's ways are a lot higher than ours and we can't expect him to jump into our little ""hoop."" It sounds like you're praying and expecting it to be done your way or whatever. Try to be more humble. The last will be first and the first will be last. We don't know a lot of things, I honestly don't know anything, which is why it's so great to just trust God. Keep praying for your friends, but pray humbly. Despairing is mistrusting God and it too can turn into habitual sin and destroy us. 

Flee from the Devil and don't forget to pray that God's will be done in you through Mary's intercession. She's the greatest gift God gave us second only to Himself in the Blessed Sacrament."
"No one knows! Everyone at this point is in the dark which is making it hard to book the girls this year. "
The grey one or the green one?
"He's tired of having you in his space. He may not be actively trying to get rid of you, but he's at the point that he doesn't want any more inconveniences in his life. Definitely impolite, but it's really doubtful he's actively perving, imo. "
More please!
[deleted]
"Rush has been grabbing a ton of boards to start this half. "
"""I think I can beat my opponent""

""OMG NEGATIVE YOU'RE NOT PC ENUFF FOR THE GOP""

Give me a break lol"
"Many of those are common with us ""Texatru"" as well."
"Right on, i'll have to pick em up, really diggin it."
This guy rides.
"Is that a rule? I really just wanted to post the Babcock quote, and I needed the source."
[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/carporn/comments/3zo8v1/os_land_rover_defender_90_i_spotted_outside_of_a/) by /u/RashestHippo in /r/carporn
Magic ~~missile~~ scrunched up ball of paper
Freedom from oppression is something Christ came to end.  How can you argue that an economic threat is not oppressive?  Asking to sign a such a contract is not reflective of Christ's actions.  He did not exile His disciples for not believing.
"because they held on it a little too long editing wise. like she was waiting for ru to deliver the next line of dialogue, and had no stage business to keep the action going. "
"I don't know about the ""use it with different phones thing"" but my number is the same one I had with at&amp;t. When I switched I started coming up as ""unknown"" on caller ID's. My number works with number validation crap though, just like anyone else's."
Lol those people were actually from the same group that posted this topic too. ;-)
[deleted]
"Neither are really my stories, but whatever. 
My mom's uncle committed suicide a while back; I don't know that I ever even met him. But his favorite band was ACDC, and it seems that whenever my mom's having a painfully tough day, ACDC comes on the radio. 
And about a month ago, my dad got booted from a band he was playing in (leader of the band was a total douche anyway, we recently discovered), and was extremely upset about it. To make it worse, it was the anniversary of his father's death. But while he was outside being upset about it, a bird flew into the shed he was in. It stayed there all night, flying out, but always coming back. It even hung around the front yard and shed for a few days following, until my dad was back to himself. "
I like that one. :)
"This reminds me of someone I knew in middle school. ^^^^^itwasme
"
"[](/vscurious-d) I know, right? Unbelievable."
Total population: 35 million Canadians to 318 million Americans
"Oh, because candy crush is such a better way to spend your time."
"Sweet! Can't wait to try it out. 

Thanks!"
"...aaaaaaand making a note to myself to stop singing silly songs at the dog when I'm put ""on hold""."
And Suzy helicoptering her dick.
"Shipping was a little over $50 for EMS.  Not terrible for a dozen figures in a big box.


Order placed on 12/31/15.  Shipping notice email on 01/01/16.  Arrived on 01/05/16.  Pretty fast from Japan to Texas!"
It's a stopper included with the Incra 1000HD.
[deleted]
"Very well done, captured the intensity!"
"My work: www.anoxar.deviantart.com email: aaron.draws@yahoo.com
(I love drawing monsters/creatures)"
bro that's my startup idea bro disrupting the condom industry condom two-point-oh
"So he is firing preemptively? Just ""they were walking and brown and I felt threatened?"""
"All of the ones still breathing. I can't think of any that are less reprehensible than the rest.

They didn't have any impact on my de-conversion. I never followed any of them to begin with."
"I would like a powerful team, and be a reasonably better battler than most people I see. Collecting would be cool. Maybe I'll be a Pokemon dealer. "
The third one was so much better written. The dialogue in the first two [was absurd.](https://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2001/07/30)
"I feel bad for laughing. 
I hope your stomach feels better soon."
"HRT saved me. I'm sorry it's not enough for you :( I am planning on GRS one day but I don't think I'll die without it. What you're feeling has to be so rough, you're amazing for carrying on. Stay strong girl. You can find a way to get the surgery, just don't give up! *hugs* "
"I think outside the battlefield depictions, the duels are awesome fluff as well.

* Sanguinius vs Ka'Bandha
* Lucius vs Sharrowkyn
* Leman Russ vs Magnus
* Ollanius Pius vs Horus
* Kharn vs Erebus

The list goes on..."
"Excellent advice. I tell people in DBs to *escalate immediately*. "
And then you flip the lights... Balls. Balls EVERYWHERE.
Pretty
Women
"Who was the first? "
"I honestly think this is his real plan. To sell guns to the American public without them realizing it. 

I hope President Trump will issue a 9mm with every high school diploma. "
"mm great jewelry, hope it can be bitten "
"That whole series of events was awesome "
"None. There's no regional matchmaking. "
[deleted]
"Servant I wish for in parens

Saber: Mordred

Archer: Oda Nobunaga, I guess (Arjuna)

Lancer: Cu (Enkidu &gt; Karna)

Caster: Halloween Liz (I think Caster of Black looks cool but I doubt he'd be very strong.)

Assassin: Jekyll (I like Jekyll, and he's really cute.  But kinda gimmicky so Semiramis &gt; Jack)  

Rider: Marie is adorbs but if Martha got a good third skill I'd pick her (Ozymandias &gt; Iskandar solely from bishie factor, otherwise they're pretty even.)

Berserker: Tamamocat because the alternative is Darius (I really don't know.  Jack?)
"
Wtf noooo not curry
"I have had this happen. I used to have 3 dogs and one night I went out to go get something from another house on the property and they saw a kangaroo. 

They all chased to to the edge of a pond but only one was brave/stupid enough to follow it in. The roo grabbed it by the head and was holding it under so I jumped in and just smashed it on the head with a torch until it let go. 

Broke the torch. The dog managed to escape and the roo swam out the other side and stood there looking at me for a bit. The only wounds the dog got were 2 small incisions behind its ear where the roos claws dug into it. 

*It doesn't always work for them. We have boiling hot artesian bores out here and I have heard stories of roos trying to jump into the dams around them to get away from dogs and basically making themselves into Kangaroo stew. "
"It seemed to me like a number of bourbons were dropping off the LCBO inventory list in the early Fall. If you don't mind my asking, what do you think are particularly good bargains right now? I would have though EC12 in particular previously (though still reasonable now, as you say)."
He cancelled his ROH dates. Big difference.
You have 4? Or 3?
You and your darn facts!
"Woahh! This day is fully sic. I'm coming with a mate for the game on March 3. Now I will be able to afford the $25 buffet! Thank you for this, I appreciate it. I will stimulate your local economy so hard. "
"I'd say she got a pretty good reception. "
"Memphis came on after cartoons? Holy shit what a mind fuck. Here's bugs Bunny...now here is Jerry Lawler, and the Moondogs, Eddie Gilbert and Austin Idol beating the fuck out of each other and bleeding buckets have fun kids. Haha"
This is a video of a black screen for two minutes.
They lied under oath in a court of law not under oath of the MLB ya goober
"thats funny

I thought the game grumps played *games*"
"I think that eventually we will do away with cars that you drive entirely.

The efficiency will entirely make up for what we lose in regular cars.

Imagine, you have a three day weekend. Go to sleep, in your car, wake up at your destination, 8 hours later. Enjoy your three-day vacation in wherever the hell. Sleep 8 hours, while the car drives you. Go to work.

Mind you, there will be less traffic, and probably raised speed limits. So 8 hours, at maybe 90mph on highways."
"Cake day [](#face-party)	"
"Violent crime, violent criminal history, PC for large amounts of narcotics, etc.  We have a threat matrix to determine which resources are appropriate "
"What you just said is so fucking stupid. First of all the UFC is entertaining or else it wouldn't continue to grow bigger and bigger. Almost every card has at least one fight that is entertaining. Is it worth $60? No I don't think so but to say it's not entertaining is just stupid. Also your reasoning about ""fighters won't see my money anyway"" is idiotic. I want you to just think about what you said for at least an hour, and then you'll realize how dumb it is. "
"This so much. This thread isn't 'iBP is permanently banned' it's 'Match fixers permanently banned', yet there is barely a fucking comment about Epsilon, even though they weren't event a bad team. If this was a team like CSGL, Vexed, LDLC White, or even ex Flipside no one would give two shits. 

I reckon tho, if it was some low tier NA team people would still be shitting their pants on this post. Something like Torqued or Conquest would still get reddit up in arms. Only a team like Envy, TSM, Fnatic, NiP, G2, Titan or something would make the internet care. But now mix the two together, the shining stars, the only hopes, the forerunners of a trailing region and scene, and you have the biggest shit storm on earth. The only pro that even mentioned Epsilon so far has been Shox. 

Yes, I do agree that the punishments were harsh, and you can nit pick your way into everything that Valve and eSports in general has ever done to find fault in this case. However, this was the precedent set, and it's unfortunate that such skilled players were banned.

What really leaves a sour taste in my mouth is that, right now, the only reason people care is that the team banned was the podium team, the flag bearers of a scene that has suffered without them. If they were some other East EU team like Vexed, I guarantee none of these people here (I reckon the pros and other members of the scene would still care) would give a single shit.

Potential and skill won't dig you out of a grave you dug yourself, and Valve just filled it in. It's over. "
I thought people on this sub would enjoy a beautiful livery and not be assholes.
Lovely tits!
"[**@PalmerLuckey**](https://twitter.com/PalmerLuckey/)

&gt; [2016-01-06 04:38 UTC](https://twitter.com/PalmerLuckey/status/684594893369389056)

&gt; No more news till tomorrow.  Need time to achieve final form.

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
"
Top post in the thread? Here I'll mark it on your map.
"Adam Sandler "
"
**Essentials of Classic Italian Cooking** 

||||
--:|:--|:--
Current|$20.30|Amazon (New)
High|$27.14|Amazon (New)
Low|$18.45|Amazon (New)
|Average|$20.30|30 Day

[Price History Chart and Sales Rank](http://i.imgur.com/0QuAt7Y.png) | [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/PriceZombie/wiki/index) 
"
"Thanks, I like it."
I do. They can be so unwilling to change :(
I can try that but here's what I expect. I think there will be restocks when Lucas comes out. I can't comform this 100% but that's what I expect.
"Eh, maybe.  Certainly if you're interviewing in the way that's being proposed here, but otherwise maybe your company just doesn't hire people frequently enough to want to spend the time automating the setup process?"
"Thanks so much, very helpful!"
Learn about 10b5-1 and shut the fuck up. So many people are spreading wrong information about these sales.
How can they screw up fraud that led to the collapse of 2008?  I understand being anti-government but at least be aware of what this is trying to fix.
"Remember it's sometimes wise to push back (if you can, where appropriate). If you take on every task, you rapidly become the person that every task is dumped onto, and if your main work suffers you still look incompetent."
"When God didn't answer my prayers to either turn me into a woman or take away my pain, I decided that either 

a). God was an unbelievably callous asshole, or 

b). He didn't exist.

Then again, I don't *ever* recall believing in God without reservation. It always seemed like wishful thinking that never amounted to anything.

"
"I feel that /u/SkyGoer is being misleading here. ISC is just a [front group for NKT](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/robert-thurman/dalai-lama-protests-_b_6096576.html), or a sister organization if you will. 

&gt; This official letter from the International Shugden Community (ISC) gives the same return address as the New Kadampa Tradition’s (NKT) London Center and is signed by the resident teacher there, John McBretney, here in his role as ISC representative. He and the ISC continue to deny the NKT and ISC are synonymous, though as the image below confirms, the return address is the same and McBretney holds senior positions in both. http://www.dalailamaprotesters.info/?p=2784

ISC and NKT may not be synonymous, but are pretty much interchangeable in this discussion. The monk protesters are ordained by NKT. Not all NKT members are ISC, but many ISC members belong to NKT. If Geshe Gyatso tells ISC to knock it off, the protests will stop immediately. 





"
"Oooo, the crazy mom/bad relationship with mom rule is one of mine. People always say look out for daddy issues but mommy issues is a way better predictor in my past relationships "
"It's voluntary, even if leader doesn't think so. Hand the paper back to her and tell her you're not comfortable with doing what she's asking/demanding.

If she tries to bully you into it, insist she take the paper back. If she doesn't, just leave it on the seat you were sitting on. If she tracks you down to make sure you have the paper, tell her no  thanks. If she insists, go ahead and take it. Mail it back to her via snail mail."
"**Sent!** You're welcome! "
I'll never understand the fascination with this guy...
"Hey Bobozmbiecan! Unfortunately, your post has been removed because it does not elaborate further in the text area. Please feel free to re-submit with further elaboration in the text area. Thank you!

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/CasualConversation) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"It's this:

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dngames.mobilewebcam

Incredibly powerful. No wifi at the hangar, so this just runs on an old Galaxy S2 24/7 with a cheap tmo plan. Dead reliable. Reboots every 20 photos to keep it reliable. "
xD dying rn
"I'm sorry, but I see no other comment saying they are boosting."
clueless/10 good luck bud.
"Nope, even in the documentary it is said he is given the option of a mistrial."
"Pinterest will save your life. "
[removed]
If you're using the `wma2` glyph---I'm about to help a friend fight that boss.  As soon as we're done I'll help you do the same.  I'll be using the network password `pluto`.
Another Houston applicant here: the next two weeks are going to be a roller coaster!
[deleted]
"I don't think his presence changes my opinion in that aspect, no. "
"All your other punctuation seems good, now let go of the need to capitalize that first word of a sentence."
"What you just said is ""Why anyone would go from Rising Thunder to Street Fighter is beyond me,"" and I find that absurd.  Ultimately, especially because it's a Blizzard game and being marketed as a very accessible version of the classic MOBA game, HotS is going to catch people not currently part of the MOBA playerbase, and they'll be hungry for more.  The same way RT caught people who wanted to play fighting games but didn't want to learn how to do all the advanced stuff.

It's an easily digestible paraphrasing of a popular genre, of course it'll get people who want to try more complicated versions of itself once they play it."
"Thanks for the info. I'll definitely focus on Calc 1/2. 


When I suggested other topics, I wasn't really expecting to be suggested advanced math topics that required a deep understanding of Calculus.. I just wasn't sure if there were certain (advanced highschool/ post HS) topics that you can study w/out taking calc first, and if it would be smart to study those or not."
"Your photos

**A.** Have your face covered
**B.** Don't have a body pic
**D.** Are shit quality"
"worldnews sub is a cesspool just for this reason. And then they ban if you refuse to cower down to their level. 

"
"Holy shit, Kikwear is still a thing? That's what the Korn fans wore when I was in highschool in 1998."
lolo
"I tried to, really tired, to understand your points, and I want to.  I think you are saying there is nothing bad about the '1%' if they are like myself; basically super-hard working people who earn success via adding value to society.  Right or wrong?  I also think I see that you are railing against the rich who inherit their money - meaning, in my case, if my purpose for working super hard is to give the three kiddos that I love more than my own life money, you would be against that?  Truly seeking to understand."
"&gt; It's become apparent, the older generation of fans cannot argue with the people who watch now and think wrestling is in a good place.

It's also become apparent that there is a very vocal, loud element of the younger generation who think they know it all, and refuse to actually learn anything."
"Not really, some games look GREAT with the 3D but none really require it. In fact some actually cannot run 3D at all *cough* Pokemon *cough cough*"
"She's screwed, won't be seeing out of that eye for a long long time!"
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv352t6tf50

Bout 2 boxes of ammo and this could be you. /s"
"Sensitive topic my ass, I suffer from panic attacks and she has no excuse to act like a cunt.

I'm sick of people finding shitty behavior like this okay because they might be 'sensitive'

Shouldn't being offended easily be considered a character flaw rather than something to be protected and coddled?"
"If there's 60,000 people in your town, there's probably live theatre happening somewhere. Go see it!"
"Well, the normal route certainly is. "
"thats ass.  ive probably opened 400 or so and never even saw a fucking knife fly by.  i just gave up hoping for one at all.

not sure why gabe hates me so much :(

"
"Yeah, SW Arlington here. Rons looks cool on Yelp, but it's too far from me. They half way give a shit about the Stars at Valentines Sports bar. It's nothing to write home about though. There is not much round me. 
For comparisons sake got stuck in Phoenix during the Stanley Cup last year. You would think non-traditional hockey market and the Yotes sucking it would be less than  DFW. Went to a sports bar called Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers and it was absolute full capacity Blackhawks fans. There were other places as well."
I googled but what I was asking for didn't show up
"Yeah, too bad photoshop is an image editor, and not a video editor. The fact that he even deleted his past broadcast that showed his mod client even shows that he knows he got caught."
"All whites in America are of European decent... so if you leave out European heritage there is no white people on America. All European cultures assimilated into the American culture of today and most started off as separated and as hated as African Americans. There were Irish neighborhoods, Italian neighborhoods, Polish, Russian, Greek, Jewish all of these people separated themselves and created their own communities and we're not necessarily liked by ""natives"" when they first immigrated here but after a time they assimilated and their culture became a part of American culture. Unfortunately blacks have gone through worse and for a longer period of time and are still going through that we need to separate ourselves while trying to assimilate phase and trying to force themselves to the top will never work and only produce more hardships and hate. It's a long process and racism will not end in our great great grandchildren's lifetime. "
"Nono, I've gotten over needing someone. If I wanted to be alone k wouldn't have a girlfriend that's my point haha.

And Sailor Moon haha nice, I'm watching Fantastic Mr. Fox and winding down."
"I'm beginning to become offended that these brainiacs want to quote Nietzsche, Twain, Darwin or any bonafide academic icon for that matter. The level of ignorance you have to reach to not recognize that the contributions of those men were labored to literally advance independant human progression for the sake of inspiring humanity and not to justify a JW's mislead pledge to a cult offends me. None of them sat around thinking ""you know I should get a one liner ready for the Jehovos for when they want to in-your-face their SM followers"". Like just trying to get into their thought process of deciding to post this shit crashes my brain. What are they doing quoting outside their colouring books anyway?"
"Thanks for sharing, Day 36 here and definitely relate to your post. Smoking weed everyday for about 5 years definitely messed up my social skills in the same way you described. Like you said, I do miss that high quick fix of dopamine, but the rewards of sobriety are so much greater than those few minutes of high. My baseline happiness is so much better now that I'm not cloudy, can get good sleep, and my social skills aren't impaired.

Good job and huge congrats on being wise enough to quit while so young!
"
"but he's, like, crazy yo."
"People always like to say that you get extra gold out of it, which is true. However, you also have to sell cull to reap the benefit but then you don't have a doran either... maybe I just like to hold on to doran for a long time"
A little too rough on your D I see.
"It takes a village to make a shitty village, but by the same token it's not like they prefer the warzone"
[deleted]
/u/ninjasakura found a [potential abbreviation](https://www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/41ii5u/new_4th_faction_in_the_dark_zone/cz71htj) of the 4th faction.
[deleted]
"Oh dang it, I forgot to cross it out. Someone actually took it already, sorry :("
How long does the delivery from cdjapan usually take?
"Deadpool is reaching for his severed head. It would be funny if it weren't so terrible. "
"Debateable. I can't go a day in GW2 without seeing a gold spammer, unless I avoid the Heart of the Mists and Lion's arch completely."
"""Hey guys we're not going to win anyways. Let's just keep rotating the strike"" - Sarfraz Ahmed "
"I don't know, if you throwing my package directly damages it, I find it hard NOT to blame you."
"I'm white. In the warmer times when I'm wearing jeans and nothing bigger than a sweatshirt and my small body size shows, white guys. Once winter starts up and I start bundling up in hoodies and parkas where I look bigger, black guys. Guess they think I'm thicker than I really am."
It turns out reading a nytimes article isn't that big of a deal.
Honestly there was nobody in that movie who wasn't participating in a an excessive character-actor ham-off. Anything less would have detracted from the indulgent absurdity. Personally Russell was one of my favorites.
"Idunno about the 'never be overpowered' part. She definitely won't ever be a bad pick though but there have been times in leagues history where shes actually absurdly strong. "
"&gt; Arrangeons-nous pour qu'à l'avenir cela ne se produise plus et que pour toute exploitation il y ait garantie d'un retour substantiel pour nous et garantie de la préservation environnementale et de la réparation de tout dommage à notre patrimoine collectif.

C'est plus facile à dire qu'à faire. Démarrer une mine coûte très cher, le gouvernement pourrait difficilement financer ça. Et pour l'exploration, c'est encore pire, aucune compagnie ne ferait de l'exploration minière si les retombés sont pas énormes (si le gouvernement prendrais une trop grosse part) puisque faire de l'exploration, c'est un peu comme jouer à la loterie, tu as très peu de chance de trouver quelque chose de potable, mais si tu le trouve, c'est le jackpot. C'est rendu que les investisseurs jettent de l'argent là-dedans juste pour payer moins d’impôts au cas où ça rapporterait. 

Cependant, je sais que je suis un peu biaisé là dedans vu que je travailles dans le domaine minier depuis mon adolescence. Je suis quand même ouvert à l'idée de changement, mais personne m'a vraiment expliqué en détail comment il ferait pour rendre le secteur minier viable."
"734,583"
[deleted]
Yes please!
白鵬はもう張り差し止めないと勝てなくなるな
[deleted]
"My name is somewhat common in that it usually falls within the top 300 of female names. The thing is that my name has a lot of different spellings with it starting with either a C or a K. The Hispanic spelling being the most common. The one thing that separates me from others is that my parents went with an unusual spelling*. A spelling in which I have only meet one other  person that spelt it the same an they were a international engineering student attending University of Michigan. Although I hear my spelling has become popular in the Czech Republic. 


* My parents used a ""Y"" in my name before it was popular or common to do so. "
I'd put a straw where her Capri Sun don't shine.
"At least he's got Support Orianna, Magic Pen Gnar, Marksman Azir, and Tank Karthus."
Weird that they didn't include his Train collateral kill
"Nice find! 

I checked wiki for SQV and could not find this command. Isn't it SQT? (ShowQuestTarget)"
"Iron doesn't become much of an issue till you hit HQ19 I'm finding. When you start getting upgrades needing 2.9 million iron, it starts to become a little tough."
"For me the burnout happened in my early 20's, but that's also because I enlisted in the military.

The demand the military has on your lifestyle can get to be absurd at times. As an avionics tech, the workload I have can be pretty demanding. Honestly, the easiest time I had it was when I was in avionics school, because it was a more relaxed atmosphere. I studied as a realistic 8-4 style job, and while the living quarters were fucking *miserable* (like, falling apart, filled with mold, air conditioning didn't work, etc) and the studying required to pass school was heavy at times, I still had a blast and felt more at ease than I had in the past 5 or 6 years.

Now that I'm out in the working field again, it's difficult to motivate myself to do anything particularly productive. I was making great strides on my drawing skills before, but nowadays it just feels hopeless because I'm so tired when I come home, and what energy I do have I want to spend on working out, or going out with friends.

The point is, it can waver a lot depending on what your current life conditions look like. You can feel burned out from working a job, but you might also find periods of your life where you feel good again. Either way though, we all come to that point and nobody can say what time it will come, or what hobbies you may drop.

Stuff that I have to work for like my writing and drawing have gone by the wayside because while I enjoy those, it's important to me to work out, meet girls, and go out with my friends. I just don't have the energy to do it all, even though I'm still young at 25. I hate saying I have to realize priorities because I do love expressing myself creatively, but it went from something fun to something that I sighed over the idea of doing or made excuses to put off because it didn't relax me the way reading a book or playing a video game do. I just couldn't keep it up, but I hope that one day I might find myself relaxed enough to pick up a pen again."
"Have you tried asking at one of the phone shops?

I haven't heard of providers here blocking VOIP, KPN doesn't."
"Or the ground, or not caring about public property (looking at you soviet space programme) "
"I think the word ""horsefucker"" just sounds more hilarious. Maybe the risk factor too? It's really bothering me now how that could go so horribly wrong."
"'People might think you are....up to something'


Also protecting the trio against werewolf Lupin. 

Oh and dueling Harry in HBP. Showing his vast superiority, mocking him for being lazy and not capable of silent incantation. On the one hand it displays his hate for James who he sees in Harry as the arrogant douche, who doesn't even bother studying important stuff, on the other hand it shows his concern with how he will fare against Death Eaters/Voldemort if he can't even do that, thus showing Harry the importance"
"Could you give me a rough gauge of the total cost needed to invest in the full Dreadnaught gear? (i.e. mwing/enchanting everything to +12)? 

Will it be similar to the cost of doing the same to Lucid, or will there be a huge difference in cost?"
Fair enough - this suggests you don't miss Cesc at all? Do you have a buy-back clause for Thiago?
"yeah, there is still some supernatural aspects that solve those problems, but it is still far more practical than dealing with completely stopping time."
"Denmark, but I'll send you a link anyway. Don't know if they ship across the pond."
"Well no shit... it's the Australian summer, so you'll have more Australian cricket fans talking about cricket.

Wait until April/May, then it'll be the other way around again.

EDIT - How ironic... in a comment thread about anti-Indian bias in this subreddit, both comments with Aussie flairs get downvotes.  Good work people."
CJ Prosise
"Six superior anagrams:

* Tarjha
* Trajah
* Jartha
* Jathra
* Jharta
* Hartja"
Yes I would
"I think you mean being sexy without saying much. 

But in all seriousness it is a great show. "
How long until English replaces Danish as the primary language of Danes?
"""Anything""

I seriously want to know how this thing compares to ""old fashioned"" coils from an unbiased vaper.  

Really, I'm begging the winner to give us the lowdown."
Is there an update?
"You are amazing, thank you."
Splitting the playerbase affects everyone's queue times.
"Oh fuck off. "
Sorry Swedes but at this time I as a fellow northerner have to say without irony that I HATE SWEDEN.
"Except I sourced SIX hours ago:

https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/422exp/z/cz7bb5x

If you want to argue about it anymore, I suggest you find the nearest brick wall, let your hair down, get a couple of drinks and  just go wild."
[deleted]
"Pretty sure we are #1 on **all** charts

'Manity !!"
"They're updating him, not reworking him.  Swain is getting a rework.  Cait got updated."
Looks like a good way to narrow down applicants to those that would be a good match. Seems like an effective ad to me.
"Slower paced MMO? League is faster paced than Dota. Just because Dota doesn't have the grace and flow to it that League has doesn't make Dota ""harder"" or a better game. It means that League is easier to look at, easier to use, but by no means is it an easier game. It is just *more appealing*, hence more people play it. So many Dota players trying to start the argument that League is easier and hence not as good when the real reason you're arguing it is because you're part of an niche group that enjoy Dota more and feel the need to push your hipster tastes on others."
Liquor barons Angelo street and liquor barons melville stock it.
"Clean break. No excuses, no remorse.

It's going to hurt him. That's life. He'll survive.

In a few years it will be a distant memory for both of you."
10 on the Richer scale.
"Exactly where from Ohio. "
"*He nods*

OOC: And there I was excited to have this large character arc about that"
I can't belive I've been this blind. I'll never look twice at this game again.
"I don't get the logic of ""protecting the ship from shrapnel."" Would it be much easier to do some hand waving about ""quantum radiation"" or something that afflicts the ship without a shield in a jump?"
"&gt; the whole movie is about how **the MEN think** she can't handle the company.

FTFY. 

&gt; that isn't obsessed with redpill.

And yet...here you are."
Because you can do all sorts of bad tricks with it? You can do it in every other language.
Where'd you get that? want
Yeah tell me about it.. In spite of everything I still miss him- it's hard to go from that to nothing in the space of ten minutes!
"No shit. Who wants to live in an 800 sq ft box. That is some low life pride of ownership. The amenities you describe are required minimums. Otherwise it's just a fucking cell with a bunch of high density rats for neighbors. "
"I use a food processor or a blender "
"Yea what torqued me the most was that he purposely tried to torpedo Greg LeMond who realized that something was amiss after hearing from his old tour buddies who were hired by Armstrong about the sham he was pulling.
When they asked him about Armstrong wins, he simply said it was really unbelievable.  This rankled Armstrong and reporters smelled a story with the rumors and started pushing for LeMond to further comment.

LeMond gave them this: If Lance is clean, it is the greatest comeback in the history of sports. If he isn’t, it would be the greatest fraud.

And he got *crucified* in the cycling world.  Armstrong pushed everyone in his organization to literally bring the world down around him.  He lost his deal with Trek bicycles which cost him 20 million easily.  He was even ordered to not go on stage for a dinner honoring living Tour Champions.

And behind it, Armstrong promised further retribution even going so far as to personally threaten LeMond over the phone.

All the while, he continually cheated while laying waste to a legend and smiling like a fucking golden boy.

Eventually it all came out and Greg was able to salvage his rep and Armstrong reaped what he sowed.  And there are even a few apologists for Armstrong today saying ""oh well everyone was doing it and Armstrong had too"".  And if it was just that, I would probably soften and see him in a different light.

But he fucked up a guys life (several in fact if you count the teammates he got fired for various things surrounding the cover up) to simply cover his own ass.

For that he is and forever will be a cunt in my eyes till he drops dead.

Fuck Armstrong.

"
[deleted]
"That's a strange way to pronounce Star Wars: Episode VIII

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2527336/"
"Not really evil.. by the time you've reached tier 10 you've played the game so much the cost of a tier 8 premium is quite reasonable.

Tier 5 premiums (like the T-25) are a good option if you don't want to spend too much, I earn 20k consistently without a premium account in mine."
"Yeah, but Bernie is a proven steward of the liberal wing of the party, even if he hasn't technically been a democrat.  Trump is a guy who talks the way Republicans like."
Forever zooming out
"With all their recent phony attacks I wouldn't put it past them. "
"No, it's been years since Roger has left him for Mirka. "
Not from my experience
ESO is so much nicer than the crap we used to use here. I feel like I'm going to stroke out if I ever have to write another EMStat chart.
"I can just picture them participating in the annual Purge. I also like their shows, though."
"Congratz! =)

Not made it past A myself, pretty sure that's where I belong seeing as I can play all weekend and not rank up or down. Probably doesn't help that I'm stubbornly using the splat charger/splatterscope exclusively. Maube I'll make it through A one day but at the moment my skill level seems to vary wildly, some games I land every shot and start surprising myself and then the next I can miss everything. Maybe it's the opponents being better at irratic movements but all I know is I miss a lot sometimes and not at other times =/ 

But again, gratz!"
A best friend he can rely on when the chips are down
"How could he not, that's actually really good gear."
"What format is your FNM?

If Standard, then yes. 

If BFZ block constructed, then no.

If Limited (ie. Sealed/Draft), then no."
"That's because Stricken needs time (hit a high hp enemy a lot) to be effective. Whereas Powerful basically a flat buff that also works in aoe situations.
Enemies in TX die so quickly, you don't have time to stack Stricken."
Right on bro do you have an IG? I wanna see what you're up to
Spawned
Think your tin foil hat is on too tight. Seems to be cutting the blood off to your brain.
yeah thats what i did. i forgot i still had the .zip on my hdd.
"What makes it a game issued jersey? A game issued jersey has set tags and has been prepared for a player to use in a game. As no player would ever wear size 46 and it is not prepared for any player to be used, it would be like a team issued jersey, not game issued.

Here is a [random game issued jersey](http://www.meigray.com/edealinv/servlet/ExecMacro?nurl=control/StoreItem.vm&amp;ctl_nbr=2381&amp;siId=5633760&amp;catLevel=1&amp;scLevel=1&amp;thisCatLevel=&amp;oldParentID=4213&amp;catParentID=4541&amp;scId=4541) for comparison."
"Jesus.

But wouldn't that be really weird to play on?"
"Yeah, the tiny horns are from maw of the void, i think that the fact that i could easily recognise every item meant you did a really amazing job on the drawing :P"
Yes.
"This sounds like a really easy way to die. "
"Hard wired is not OP. 

I'm sure you're fine with running around with OP weapons and ghost/dead silence/awareness though."
"Give a good look to the Jeff White Pathfinder Trade Knife.  It's a solid knife for outdoors tasks and really shines as a companion to a decent hatchet.  And unlike a lot of coated knives, if your finish starts to scratch up with use and you want to restore it, you can clean it and apply cold bluing to make it look like new.  "
"Hello. We apologize but this submission has been removed for violating the following rules in the /r/SandersForPresident [Community Guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/wiki/rules). Please read this comment in its entirety to learn what you ​*can*​ do to get this content posted in a manner consistent with the Community Guidelines.

It violates **Rule #7** in the community guidelines. 

&gt;Calls for the coordinated solicitation of any person, group, or media outlet, must be Bernie related, must be civil, and must be constructive. Examples of unacceptable behavior that we’ve seen in the past: linking to email-farming online petitions, bullying BLM protestors “because Bernie is best for them,” mass-messaging of individuals, #FireTheChair, brigades on social media about CNN debate conspiracies, the Ellen hysteria over her support of Hillary, and more. Any explicit or implicit call to action like this may be removed by the moderators at their discretion.



---

If you disagree with this removal please [message the moderators at this link.](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSandersForPresident&amp;subject=about my removed submission&amp;message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/424nu3/why_is_sanders_winning_the_drudgereport_poll/. %0D%0DMy issue is...) and explain why this submission was removed in error. **Hateful, insulting, or otherwise obnoxious modmails will not be responded to.**

Individual moderators will not respond to this comment.

Sanders 2016!"
"I think he'll stick around until at least New Hampshire and maybe as long as Super Tuesday (less likely).

At this point he doesn't expect to win, and is likely running for a VP spot or cabinet position, or possibly raise name recognition for a future presidential run."
That looked like a setup to the most epic boss battle of all time.
"&gt;&gt;  So currently I am staying with some family

A man should never leave his home, nor his bed.

She don't want to be with you?   it's  her problem.   Let HER be the one to commit the act of abandoning the marriage. Because that is what you have done, and it WILL fuck you over REAL bad in court.

Get a lawyer, you fool."
"This would be okay if it changed the camo colour automatically at the start of the game, not throughout it.

I mean, if you were on Redwood it would give you a green/brown camo for the game. 

Not that itd turn brown if you were next to a tree then grey as you stood in the broken building window then green as you ran through the bushes."
"How much did you pay for the 2 weeks +? "
"There's a green stickied thread at the top of this sub that says newbie thread this post goes there. 

I know for enlisted to apply for non rated OTS we are required to have a 3.0. "
And dispense Molly and play trance music?
"Why not use

    Range::incl_incl( 0, 9 ) 

in the meantime? Desugaring can be fixed before people agree on the sugar."
[deleted]
"Ryu chuckled “Anteiku is all about the griping so don’t be shy, the names Ryu by the way” he stated offering his hand."
"2. Accounts.
2.1 Eligibility. To be eligible to use the PayPal Services, you must be at least 18 years old and a resident of the United States or one of the countries listed on the PayPal WorldWide page. This Agreement applies only to Users who are residents of the United States. If you are a resident of another country, you may access the agreement that applies to you from our website in your country."
Everyone else said the 24th but I'm sticking with you because you're the only one that truly believes in themself and isn't afraid to admit it.
Those are great!
That was probably the most insane penta ive ever seen
"I never said I used any of the techniques stated above, And I honestly do not see how exactly putting a limiter on a master bus is going to help the situation of gain staging, if that were the case and it were that easy I would've just ripped the master fader down to -10dB. Oh well, thats exactly why I made the post in the first place maybe I'm going about it all wrong, hopefully somebody else thats sensible enough and helpful will do the trick instead of following a ""one suggestion"" policy that doesn't really seem to answer any questions, or help me understand gain staging better. Appreciate the response "
no.
This would be my question as well. Need more info. Goals? Is this what the trainer told you to do? Or did he/she just show you the machines?
"But what's the point? If you detonate the bombs and shoot Oryx only a little right before the bombs go off, his stomach won't go black, but he WILL take full damage. So...?"
"Depending on where you live, craigslist and thrift stores are your best bet. Just takes some patience. If I recall correctly, the Lepai is 20 wpc so pretty much anything you can find will outclass it. "
[deleted]
That's still 15 minutes shorter than it takes me to poop on Earth.
I don't drink cofee. I'll get some energy drinks tho
"Why work at all if they can support you? "
I haven't watched SD regularly since the glory days of JBL and Hardcore Holly feuds. /s
why are they all named Repeat?
Working at Costco
"I liked revenge of the sith much better. "
[You think I'm joking m8?](http://i.imgur.com/WSweCQ0.jpg)
"HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA "
"I thought from reading the title that Nate was battling cancer or some shit and I thought ""hmph, that's sad"" but when I looked at this petition I was wondering wtf is Nate Battling?

Edit:  That was the name of the musician.  600,000 subscribers and I have never even heard of him."
"Dad: Rod Reiss


Top lel trolololol"
Will add after I am done with my League game! :)
"Why don't you finish all of your pre-reqs, and have one semester just filled with GE's if you don't have any left just take some some technical electives. After you get that easy 4.0 you should be at a 2.7 ish."
^True story
im out of the loop... what happend?
"Yes. That's why we're expanding so aggressively in the rest of the country. "
"What about from the actual milling and shaping of the tooth? "
Ughhhhhhhhh.
"Well for starters, these days less and less lawyers are actually writing the laws. There was a gif on Reddit not long ago showing that as the years have progressed the most common prior profession of congressmen has dwindled from predominantly veterans and lawyers to political and political science backgrounds. 

As for the ""lawsuit happy"" stuff... That's mostly corporate propaganda to try to shame people from exercising their lawful right to redress wrongs. A great deal of our lawsuits require a showing of reasonableness, enforced by empaneling a cross-section of normal people to assist in determining what meets that standard. Check out the ""Hot Coffee"" documentary (used to be on Netflix) debunking a great deal of the the Liebeck case against McDonald's, which is often used by corporations and businesses as the poster child supporting tort reform."
Do it through your nose. /s
"You want this guy on the bottom of the lake, boss?"
I think his plans to make a full hexquel(sp?) were in the works from the time the original was a success to the release of episode 3. I could be wrong though.
"Lick lick lick my balls!



Seriously though, give it a rest. Did you come to the Rick and Morty subreddit just to shitpost, or do you even watch the show? Nobody here is going to argue with you about racism. This isn't /r/forwardsfromgrandma."
That was a joke. You don't think that's funny?
[removed]
"kanye producer / frank dukes and boi-1da on the sample / havoc programmed the drums

madlib produced No More Parties in LA tho"
"I would love to have a drink with you.  But I would probably drive you crazy with things like, ""you need to correct your username to higher**than**kolob.""  And questions like, ""would you rather have a cow udder or the bottom half of you be a lawn mower."""
"I feel like this is photoshopped. The logo on the shirt seems to be flat in spots where it would be distorted from the folds. "
I'm still learning myself.
"Clearly you can't be wrong. The thing is you aren't Galileo and you are wrong. 99% of the time, when everyone is against you, you are just wrong. But I digress, you are clearly unable to accept that so, yeah, we'll have to agree to disagree. "
"Yes. Possibly. My father would do shit like that. He once tried to sue a guy he bought a used van from because it broke down like 9 months later. And when I say ""Broke down."" I mean ""Needed to go to the shop."" not ""No longer useful."" "
/u/thealkaizer
"You need to read the article. But, in a nutshell, what was originally suppose to be the last H-series Apollo mission (i.e. the original Apollo 15 plan) was cancelled and the J-series missions (with LRV and the instrument equipped CSM originally part of the I-series missions) were moved up to fly early. As a result, what was originally suppose to be the first three J-series missions (Apollo 16, 17 and 18) now became Apollo 15, 16 and 17 with the last one (what would have been Apollo 19) cancelled."
Even better!!!!! [] (#p-guffaw) [] (#p-villain)
This is inappropriate for this subreddit. No Fundraising
Go ahead! Be my guest. I would be upset if you didn't do it.
"I never saw a fat Meerkat before.

It is kinda sad.
"
"As a gay guy I've found it really bizarre how far the ""bear"" term goes now. During my teen years when I figured out my sexuality and started learning about LGBT culture, bears were like you said, usually stocky hairy men. Nowadays it seems bear covers anything from some stomach/hair/muscle hybrid to morbidly obese. It seems a lot of morbidly obese gay men cling to the classification of ""bear"" because ""chub""(if that's the right term for it) isn't as attractive sounding?

I'm in my mid 20's now, so for all I know they were always part of the bear community but not as visible, but at least growing up they didn't seem as prevalent."
"I will now be removing this because you have not posted your trade link nor answered my question for 8 hours, which is a lot more time than I usually give.    
    
If you plan to repost, please let me know if the game codes are **from** another site or if they are Steam gifts that are in your Steam inventory."
"    79 38 47 74 44 86 67 61 27 11
    49 28 20 42 27 99 49 83 90 51
    74 12 67 77 61 20 89 98 76 61
    96 77 12 92 85 74 74 93 90 67
    88 45 19 40 63 54 43 90 86 17
    64 24 38 50 14 76 82 10 70 24
    91 57 28 58 40 96 86 94 19 30
    34 13 79 38 59 41 76 60 56 23
    55 25 93 63 84 34 42 17 84 25
    13 83 64 45 40 85 91 13 88 10"
"To other users posting on this thread (and **not** to the submitter of this particular thread): offering on price check and question threads is not allowed. Failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban.

Sharking is not tolerated here, and any attempt made *will* result in a permanent ban.

[Please refer to our subreddit's rules as well if you have any doubts.](http://www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Time Enough for Love: The Lives of Lazarus Long

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_Enough_for_Love

It's one of my personal favorites, along with Stranger in a Strange Land, Have Spacesuit will travel and The Door into Summer."
"Or a John Daly. It's an arnold palmer with vodka "
the sidebar is your friend.
A lot of autistics can pass for various amounts of time and different situation. It's invisible and quite a few of us have gotten told various bs reasons of why we can't have autism. It is a spectrum. It sounds like you have put a great deal of time and effort into learning social skills but there is a lot more to autism than knowing what not to say.
"Thanks, you too =D"
"Thanks for forgiving my vertical video. I mean, can you blame that my phone is in vertical?? :P"
"Oh great. Yeah, I'm aiming for UT Law because I'm in state and I have family members who graduated from here, ect. I love Texas.  
I'm in an interesting situation right now because my therapist and doctor are both think I'm textbook bipolar, but because of the bar thing I've avoided getting a psychiatric assessment and the proper medication. I know this isn't the right path to take, but I'm nervous that it's going to ruin my shot."
"Apparently, my town Bridgnorth was allegedly where Hitler wanted to make his base in the UK.

That would've changed things a little bit."
[removed]
"People from Mexico are Mexican. "
Three words: Tenure
price firm !
"Dar cred ca aș fi citit-o daca nu ar fi ieșit la fel de interesante pentru mediul video. Dar nu era asta, pur si simplu sa dispara si sa nu o mai lasi din mana daca o incepi."
"&gt;being was useless

/r/me_irl"
"I didn't say they were on the same level, I said that both the A&amp;M guys were supposed to be ""sure things"". Neither has lived up to their status. Nor has Fisher, Johnson, Fluker or Robinson for that matter. Taking an offensive linemen top 5 is incredibly risky unless that guy turns out to be a high level starter from day 1. You think the Rams don't regret passing up Mack? IMO, you don't draft an OT first overall unless they're a generational prospect period. And you definitely don't draft one when you just fucking drafted one in 2014. 

Robinson played in the auburn offense and absolutely dominated. I've never seen a guy as incredible on film as him in the run game. The pass pro was where they didn't ask him to do anything. Not his fault. Very teachable. The Rams have just failed developing the dude. But film wise and measurables wise *that's* the type of guy that warrants top 3 pick hype. He was clearly the best tackle prospect in his draft by far. Stanley has a very real argument over Tunsil."
[deleted]
Only because those sports are trying their best to avoid getting with the times.
Nkcougar94 1312 elo 1x flawless sunsinger. Was not carried for my flawless run
Through localbitcoins you can go to bank of America or credit unions and pay cash or do western union.  They are more expensive 10 percent 110 for 100
With matt barnes' wife.
Uh... what the fuck...
I believe this is what you call 'daggering' This is some really crazy daggering though
"A lot of venues that are seated either A: don't have a pit or B: have ushers that don't let people dance in the aisle. 

Just because a venue has seats does not mean people are expected to sit in seats or merely stand and not move around to the amazing rock music. 

It's a rock show for fucks sake and people think it's inappropriate for dancing?

Jesus tapdancing christ. "
Yessss
Sooo make everyone u able to purchase food or anything as currency is now worthless due to inflation rate? Sounds like we have an evil mastermind here.
[deleted]
Of course. Fucking Blues. GG
"Looks great, I would right swipe you. The ""shitty kayaker"" bit is hilarious."
"I can't remember the last time we won a shootout "
[deleted]
"I'm giving you all she's got, Captain!"
What a piece of filth
[deleted]
Mostly in Foxborough though.
"Frogs: ""The rabbits of the water."""
Doesn't sound too much worse than an English secondary school. At least the one I went to.
"I played the rock paper scissors game 5 times and drew every time, and by the next time I was surprised that the game wasn't a trick. "
That was 4 posts too many.
What the hell is midrange Shaman
Thank you for uncancering that paywall article.
Jellytrousers sunsinger
"Hey there. After a 8 month break I found myself enjoying league and playing again, but I've hit a plateau. For some reason I can't leave diamond 3. I feel that I'm too good for diamond 4 and too bad for diamond 2. I am a jungle main. What I could be possibly doing/not doing for that to happen? here's my op.gg if it helps http://br.op.gg/summoner/champions/userName=echotek

Edit: also, the only time I felt I improved at the game was from season 2 to season 3.  In season 2 I ended at ~1400 elo and by the end of season 3 I was in my promos to diamond 1. Since then I haven't been able to make any kind of progress, finishing diamond every single season."
Pompey's got potential but so far he hasn't even shown that he can be an everyday player yet
I see you're an Austin Evans fan ;)
"
**ClearArmor 141001 34dB Shooters Hearing Protection Folding-Padded Head...** 

||||
--:|:--|:--
Current|$24.85|Amazon (3rd Party New)
High|$28.85|Amazon (3rd Party New)
Low|$18.85|Amazon (3rd Party New)
|Average|$24.75|30 Day

[Price History Chart and Sales Rank](http://i.imgur.com/A0hmVda.png) | [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/PriceZombie/wiki/index) 
"
"Yeah, Jews are important in America, but that's not all or even most of it. Most Americans see Israel as a successful democracy surrounded by an Islamic world of failure and hate. Who doesn't see it that way our Liberals who have adopted Islam as their pets, but that is another story."
"You can actually get kind of far with the base cards, but still only so far."
If I click on any YouTube links they always open in the YouTube app. The only time they don't is when I click on the preview thumbnail.
It's better to be a leader or a member of the faction rather than just being a mercenary for the faction i.e. New Vegas. Edit: wording.
"http://www.vox.com/2015/12/25/10665142/weeds-teen-births-presents

Definitely encourage you to listen to the podcast or at least read the first article from the show notes.

As far as equating teen sex to drug use... It's possible to do the former in a way that is relatively safe and not harmful to anyone. Not so much with the latter."
"Gif request of Kobe saying ""What The Fuck?"" at the end"
"Not a mortar, more of a recoilless rifle. "
[deleted]
"Damn... seeing this just made me imagine how in the future, they'll probably be able to x ray your body in real time so you can put on the hmd, see the scanned version of your self, cut it in half/quarters/whatever and walk around to see a live and accurate representation of your insides like your heart beating and what not."
"It's all good lol. I'd take Joe from a few years ago, but he's a declining asset now. Still playing decent, but he's getting old now."
I don't even know anymore.
"Too long, didn't read, sorry. "
I was going to buy it until I heard of all this a while ago.  They lost my sale.  Sorry but not sorry.
Pro tip: you never ask a soldier or a police officer about killing someone. It is rude and can trigger PTSD and anxiety about the event.
"I'd take Mcdonagh personally but their very close "
Im more afraid of viruses then i want the experience of playing.
Solved!
[deleted]
"Cruz has over 1000? That's bull. Aren't there only 1,681 Precincts anyway? I thought that was why it was such a big deal for Rand. He has over 60% of them locked up. "
"The bridge is burning, and I can't help but notice how beautiful it is."
"In Scottish Gaelic Oban means ""Little Bay"" and this West Highland malt does well in epitomizing what the Gateway to the Isles is all about. It is a no-age statement whisky that pitches itself as small cask referring to the distillery taking mature single malt small batches and aging them further in small oak casks. The claim is that this develops additional richness of flavor.

* Color: Amber

* Nose: Sweet vanilla, floral aromatics of lily and rose petals, hazelnut, sherry, and plums.

* Palate: Salted caramel, succulent honey glazed pork grilled over oak chips, licorice, grand marnier, and coffee.

* Finish: Rich toffee, honey, chocolate covered oranges. A rolling array of sensation all around the tongue that fades as quickly as it manifests.

I rate this **87/100**. The multitude of flavors is pleasant and always leaves me a bit confounded in identifying every little aspect of a dram. In many ways drinking this is like taking a vacation from the isles and rediscovering flavors that you may have forgotten. I desire a bit more longevity in its tasty but brief finish. I am always left wanting a second glass, and perhaps that is not an undesirable thing!"
Lord of the Rings: Return to Mexico
"Given Olga's personality and the sinister music that played in every scene with him, I thought that he would be some kind of traitor to the Logicalists or something.

It turns out that he just has chuunibyou."
Yes?
"pace or def, phy. any comb of these. Usually go with pace and def"
"Title: **Good Karma, Bad Karma?**

Difficulty: Normal/Easy

Take the pacifist paths and get good karma. Take the enemy killing paths and get bad karma. There are three of each and you don't have to take the same choice each time. 

I liked the idea but had some trouble fleshing it out. Let me know what you think.

https://supermariomakerbookmark.nintendo.net/courses/731B-0000-0198-0F16"
"I have Verizon fios, and I'm seeing a slowdown using cute ftp to my home.   Used to max my 50 Mbps with a couple sessions. Now I have to have at least 8 and it's a struggle."
People like this vote.
Runaway!!!
And what other choice did the average student have other than to accept whatever the government promised them and prey and hope they would stick to what they promised!?
Barely missing 55 yarder isn't that bad.
"Honest question, who would be considered to have standing for a suit? Another presidential candidate?"
"But the Falcons can best them. I don't understand how the Seahawks can be losing so badly. "
"Your soft voice saying such Dommy things gives me shivers!   Nicely done, Ernie!"
"Pretty much, but you spend a lot less than razors at the store and even the cheapest one is nice."
God damn it hahaha
"Religion is normally what you make of it.

 If you are a crappy person, your religious expression might be a cesspool. If you are a person who looks at your religion as a means to practice love and charity, your religious expression will reflect that endeavor. 

If you allow yourself to be manipulated by a crappy preacher, priest, imam, rabbi, etc, you will only reflect the crap you were forcefed, and in many cases, allowed yourself to be  forcefed.

It's going on my second year of being a Muslim convert, and I personally find that my friends and family have reacted to me with overwhelming positivity, to the point it shatters their stereotypes about Muslims, in general.

I contribute more to charity, I made my home environmental friendly, I volunteered a lot more. I spent less money on keeping up with the Jones's, I've taken better care of my body, I've been more generous than I've ever been...

There's no way that I am some special snowflake. Millions of Muslims consistently show this daily.

 I follow LGBT and feminist Muslims on Tumblr, I actually see gofundmes and kickstarters started to help others, people they don't even know.

The only cesspool I see is those who constantly erase Muslims who love social justice and attempt to conflate us with extremists and problematic conservatives."
"Fuck the parents. This is for the fans of Deadpool. An R rated movie for an R rated character. "
A very good link!
oh jesus. oh my god. that was painful.
"Unfortunately not that much. Your Blue-eyes is like $1-2 (I see slight wear on the bottom)*. In that condition, Dark Magician is like $4-6. They're cool cards though; I personally would hang onto them and show my kids what I liked to watch/play when I was growing up.

**The upcoming set Shining Victories will get Blue-Eyes support. The value may go up a bit, but I don't know if it will be a significant increase for your rarity/set.*"
"Jam Newton. "
"yeah i'm surprised he posted a fucking screenshot and not the webm. "
They spent too much time celebrating their shit win over the vikes and forgot to prepare for their next game. Fucking poetic justice.
Not bad.
"I was also stoned, but perhaps not quite as stoned. I get insight and see problems when I'm stoned, it helps me sort out and ideate...perhaps switching strains may help? Might I suggest a nice Strawberry Haze? (not Arjun's that's crap.)

I do my best ideating/creating, writing in that state...perhaps it doesn't work so well for everyone.

But..I was absolutely rolling when I read your responses..I was like WTF? And Elvis is still alive :D"
"&gt; but I am about a little under $3,000 remaining

This is a tiny amount to ask for, I doubt it makes much of a difference."
[removed]
"Anybody paying their contractors with a 1099 should be clearly explaining how to do the bookkeeping for it and getting copies of the subcontractors' tax filings. I ""work"" doing medical studies and the IRS is on board with our being paid 1099s although we meet almost none of the traditional contractor factors.
The big pharma companies we work for provide zero info on how to file as self-employed, and my sense is that many of us don't declare the income, while the few of us making bank, 40K+, usually get accountants,and can write off most of it through legitimate deductions for travel and such.

In theory, it's totally legit to set up a business project as a network of contractors with no employees. Harry Brown has a chapter in ""How I found freedom in an unfree world"" about how and why to do it. Done right, it's not tax fraud, it's a way of empowering the people you work with,and everyone involved is clear about who pays what to who.

The IRS can still be hostile to these arrangements. They stole a church building in our town from a church that was set up that way, and was saying some politically provocative things.   "
"Mod ping detected, calling upon mods /u/fergulous /u/1tobedoneX /u/theirishisraeli

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ColdWarPowers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Nothing is more valuable than influencing anonymous neckbeards on the internet
"Good on you, buddy"
Hard to tell. Lose 10 lbs and ask again.
"There's a lot of good points in this article but also some ridiculous ones.  For one, tying technological breakthroughs of the last 30 years to the social security and medicare spending of the near future is pretty out there.  I mean the only link between the two is chronological so you're basically asking kids whether they'd want the breakthroughs and the debt/burden or would they rather have grown up in some other time period.  If that's the kind of logic you want to use then you should throw up 1340s Europe as a baseline and say anyone alive today is better off.  It doesn't prove that medicare and social security aren't an undue burden on the young but at least its undeniably true.

Next, the reason the old pay 3x the premiums of the young under the ACA is because that's what they're capped at.  Under a free market the ratio would be a lot higher.  So rather than being unfair to the old that's actually unfair to the young.  Though its true that the healthy are subsidizing the unhealthy (basically the whole point of health insurance) its disingenuous to assume that there aren't a lot more unhealthy seniors than there are unhealthy thirtysomethings or that the health problems that afflict the old aren't more expensive.

Finally, using today's low interest rates to claim that the debt isn't a burden to younger generations is misleading.  The world economy has been soft for a while now and that's kept interest rates low.  But if you're going to carry debt indefinitely then at some point you're going to roll it over in an environment of higher interest rates.  Now, being that the real interest rate on the 30 year bond is currently 1.5% it can safely be said that that time period is a long way off.  But its still irresponsible to spend future generations' money on stuff that isn't going to benefit them.  Borrowing money for research, infrastructure, etc is one thing.  Borrowing it for pensions and wars is something else."
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Kinda seems both, but I think he's more of an instigator "
"Knowing SpaceX, a ""hard landing"" probably meant the barge  and the rocket both exploded, destroying everything within a mile's radius."
"hahaha... are you serious?

... are you fucking retarded?

I'm not gonna bother explaining why that is the stupidest fucking thing I've ever read. "
"Which is interesting, been doing a lot of work on my throat, energetically. Had a few ayahuasca ceremonies in the past few years, and my throat has been severely blocked for a while, making communication sometimes very tricky for me."
"**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Enjoy the downvotes! "
"The players certainly think so. "
"It could have been one of several faces, none of them good no matter how happy he looks."
"He's not dirty though, he's just massive so if you touch him it's like pushing 2 positive ends of a magnet together"
"*They slowly start circling each other, sizing up the opponent, Javik thinks where it is best to strike. Upon reaching a decision, he starts off bold attempting to ta tackle him from the waist straight off.*"
"This is a good point that basically removes the whole concept of symbolism being used as a storytelling means and replaces it with coincidence or just flat out reading too much into it.

Put it this way. Sword Art Online is an MMO that shares next to no similarities with any real life MMO. It flat out doesn't work.

It's why the obvious comparison to Log Horizon puts that series (rightly) on a pedestal because the author was a huge Everquest player if memory serves."
"Etsy has a lot of them, as well as other great hand made Hogwarts stuff!"
"Anger about injuries is justified for sure. That's not the toxic part by any means. "
"Du kan ju gå igenom vad du själv har skrivit (tips: ;P). Jag överdrev med äpplena om du inte förstod det. Och om du inte vill ha en balans så får väl du ha din åsikt, men Nordkorea och Nazisttyskland dyker upp i huvudet"
wow r u from 4chan
Some people don't listen to it by choice. I work in a bowling center so the hit list is what I hear for hours.
We came at them with a vengeance because of week 14
"Cause science is wrong... sometimes

So what's the point of this stupid dumbass experiment? 

Yeah was he smart? I don't even, like, get it

I believe I was having the pleasebee effect

Spydar."
Tebow might actually have been the most successful out of that group...
Since U Been Gone by Kelly Clarkson?
Shame that if you wonderwhore you're basically never going to see models past Medieval or Renaissance because it seems you already have too many. There are a bunch of wonders I've built fairly consistently but apparently have never seen the models of.
Why?
Daps....
"[This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUP6MgI2RGA) has a few good pointers for sub-30 tanking, you might find something in there that might also help.

The third hit of your combo (Rage of Halone/Butcher's Block/Power Slash) generate *insane* threat as long as they are combo'd right. It should help a lot."
"Fitz and Floyd are Minnesota guys that fucked Wisconsin last night. Well deserved "
"What what?!?! Everyone's favorite corrupt AG trying to get some positive publicity for ""doing the right thing"" before he runs to replace Snyder? Noooooo... It couldn't be that! And don't think that because he's from Flint that he cares, because I'm guessing from his past actions, he doesn't."
And what's wrong with sleds?
"That might be true, still, many WEU countries are still on DVB-T still."
"omg, punching a horse. those were the times."
"You are not forced to update. It's just that once the new version rolls out, you can upgrade immediately. Don't spread the bullshit. "
"Okay. I see Disk 0 which is online ans says ""basic"" and that's great.

Then I see Disk 1 which isn't initialized and says ""unknown"". It has 465GB unallocated. Do I initialize it?"
"NO JUST SLIGHTLY TIPSY
"
"Uh, Ogre right? Like he's literally a retard who uses luck to succeed. "
I'm going to run out eventually.
"Aside from setting up a sensible financial plan and getting a new place and nicer meals, not much. Although I might try to aggressively increase my wealth further (but only after thinking things through, at the very least)."
That was against the 950.
"I'm going to be honest...... I read this whole thing and then got down to ""I got back from vacation"".  I'm not sure this was the time to be taking a vacation.  I think your professor is right.  You have a *lot* going on, but you also have a lot of excuses.  I think you need to commit to buckling down and getting work done."
"/r/Toronto doesn't like anything "
"[Link](http://www.amazon.com/Nautica-Voyage-Men-Toilette-Spray/dp/B000P22TIY)

What if it's as highly rated as this?"
[removed]
I was sort of expecting there to be an actual explosion but I think it goes better without one.
"Cool.  I didn't want you to commit to the buy and then get screwed on the pricing. "
"I agree, but all fans do it. Remember /r/bengals last week?

Edit: Apparently the downvoters answer that question with ""no I forgot."""
It could be possible that Howland Reed is LSH but I think it makes more sense for Blackfish to take on that role because he was present during the Red Wedding and therefore has more of a motive!
TLC is the spot!
[deleted]
[deleted]
"You're acting like I'm a single Jew holding an opinion divergent from the entirety of Judaism.  That's not the case.  Like I've said before, I'm not alone in my views.  I work in interfaith projects.  I work with Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Jews, and others.  There are many Jews (and rabbis) supporting (and involved in) these projects.  I've attended events that include Hindu religious practices (along with religious practices from other traditions) alongside Jews from Reform to Orthodox.  There are many Jews from all walks of life who are willing to affirm a respect for and a value in Hinduism.  Your stance is a legitimate stance, but it is *not* the only legitimate stance.  I respect your stance and I don't want to alter your opinions because I recognize your views of having the endorsement of some legitimate Jewish bodies.  I'd just like you and others to recognize that my views likewise have the endorsement of some legitimate Jewish bodies.  We are capable of respectful disagreement on this issue.

As far as your other concern, namely that my non-participatory attendance at Hindu services is a danger to world Jewry, I find this concern unfounded.  What is dangerous to world Jewry is ignorance and intolerance.  I studied world religions in college in order to understand other people and combat ignorance and intolerance.  How can I understand my neighbor if I spurn his invitation to learn?  You wish me to say to a Hindu, ""I wish to understand your people.  I wish to work with you to build bridges of understanding.  But I will never enter your buildings, and I will never look at your cultural practices.  To do these things would be abhorrent and disgusting to me for I find your religion to be an abomination which is unworthy of adherence to.""  You can't approach someone and say, ""I wish to understand and respect you, even though I am disgusted by your existence.""  When Christians hold these views about Jews, it is horrible and causes harm in the world.  When we hold these views about Hindus, I find it just as horrible and harmful to the world.

You will not change my mind on this.  As my views are acceptable in legitimate Jewish denominations, you have no right to try to change my mind on these matters.  Similarly, I have no right to try to change your mind on these matters when your stances are likewise acceptable in legitimate Jewish denominations.  As this issue is unrelated to OP's topic, and as this is not an internal issue in Judaism, I suggest we respectfully disagree."
"not happening better if you dont come back to reddit "
"Should there be a limit on when someone can have an abortion. It is wrong to have an abortion 3 days before you give birth, so should there be a point when you can't have one?"
This is better anyway because we get to see that beautifully executed slide down the trunk.
"The seahawks still havent recovered from theirs' apparently "
"mod ping detected calling mods /u/TsarPerhaps /u/Anarcho-Stalinist /u/saint_oliver_plunket

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ColdWarPowers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Maybe he decided that since he's got almost all records, why not just break the vardy one. "
Cost how much vs the savings of recovered boosters?
[removed]
"It's from final fantasy X-2, they use something called dresspheres that changes people into various classes like thief, gunner, mage, warrior, gunmage, etc... "
"Week if we win next week, I would rather face Carolina "
B..B..But I don't want to accept it?
WHO ELSE IS DEALIN WITH LIVER FAILURE LOL
"Step 1: Lock arms outright, ride as ridged as you possible can.

Step 2: Nuts on tank, you're a plank!"
#BATARANG
"Aye, some SLs are a fucking menace, but it's as simple as making a new squad to get rid of them. A voting option for a new SL could be a good addition, though!

Nice to see that you've picked up Squad as well, btw. ;)"
well technically...
TIL weed metaphorically cures cancer
"I love you Fear, but I can't support EG with Artour in there.. 


GO ALLIANCE "
"Yes, shoot me a trade offer if interested:

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=3169897&amp;token=qeSApkpi"
[deleted]
"im sure youre still turning a profit. Show some gratitude "
"Send him here to talk about it. We'll be glad to help him talk shit about you behind your back.

Just kidding, but really, I think the main issue that most dads face is that while the mom has baby and is developing that connection and has an outlet for their frustrations there's not a lot of places that dad can go to vent. "
what.
what's the satisfaction of mass downvoting?  rub a couple out or something instead
[deleted]
It's gonna get awkward if they're right about the lizard people.
Cool good to know
I have perfect male vulpixes in my [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19VY3lfi6zXOsRu0GXOdFUK6raBhDmUsFeIytyYwKuIk/edit#gid=0). Do you want me to find a female breedject in the bank?
"I personally takes [these vitamins](http://www.amazon.com/Deva-Vegan-Multivitamin-Mineral-Supplement/dp/B002F8BSEC/ref=sr_1_5?s=hpc&amp;srs=2588366011&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1452940394&amp;sr=1-5). 100% vegan, cheap, and they're very small. They do not have 100% of your DV of some things, which is why they're so tiny, but it's actually better for you. If you have a well-rounded diet, supplementing on top of it can cause all kinds of health problems. If your diet is garbage, get the big fuck-off horse pill ones.

Ninja edit: the link is crap, and doesn't show what all it supplements. ""Formulated especially for vegans and vegetarians, the product provides 100% of the recommended daily amount of the antioxidant vitamins C and E, as well as vitamin D and each of the B-complex vitamins."" And [here](http://www.devanutrition.com/vegan-tiny-tablets-multivitamin-mineral.html) is the link to the full description + new label art."
"i have 38-60 ping in dota and 30-40 in csgo. if it gets really windy ,thats where you have packet loss."
You can't actually disable downvoting on Reddit.
[deleted]
one small pixel missing if u drag the knife on light.
"I have the Logitech G510s! I like it because it is very responsive and has a whopping 18g keys in 3 modes per profile! It inst too loud when it comes to typing and it supports unlimited profiles, quick macros, windows lockout switch (it does come in handy), and headphone &amp; mic being plugged directly into the keyboard!"
"Drive. So much more worth the investment. "
I wish 9/11 would do this.
"WoW has given me some good times. Playing with friends... Being a refuge for a month after a messy break-up... Playing with a girlfriend... Exploring with my best bud...

Yeah. I loved my adventures in Azeroth!

Glad to hear you did to, and that it got you through some insanely stressful times!

Also I'm not sure whether I'm a good or bad person. Bad for assuming you were a guy, good for just assuming you were gay and met a guy and it worked out?

I think it cancels it all out.

Anyway as a fellow life-level 30, thanks for sharing your quest-log!"
This time the cops have decided to do nothing for a while. Partly because they didn't take over an important building
this is fucking retarded.
Could someone tell me how to make a decent bow using pawn after having already made one in early game? I kinda botched my pawn's inclinations since I knew you can remake your pawn after switching to Hard mode but it doesn't let you change its inclinations anymore.
[deleted]
Samandi beats cadot! I wouldn't have bet on that happening!
"I dig this man, whats the medium used here?"
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Tell that to ISIS. "
[deleted]
TLDR: the star has been continously dimming sinve the first 19th century observations. That might mean there's a megastructure under construction around it and it is taking hundereds of years to complete.
username checks out
Gl hf everyone
Craft a magazine rack and bobblehead display case and place them in your house.   Show em off to the other settlers and make them envious.
"Joe Calzaghe never had definition yet he retired 46-0 as one of the top SMWs of all time. "
Yes! That mouth of his! Everyone in the movie was better than him
"""multiple times this year""

Umm? pretty sure one could only argue that he was that once during TSMs win streak."
what? Flash and History back button doesn't work?
"Thank you for your submission, but unfortunately it has been removed.

The image you submitted was 534px by 606px, whereas we require images be at least 600px by 600px.

If you found this image online, there may be a larger resolution version [available here](https://www.google.com/searchbyimage?image_url=https://i.imgur.com/2dFH619.jpg).

If you cannot find a suitable larger version, please do not artificially enhance the dimensions and resubmit; [it will be removed.](/r/photoshopbattles/wiki/submissionrules#wiki_image_content)

*[I am a bot](http://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/wiki/bots/psbbot), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fphotoshopbattles&amp;subject=http://redd.it/417vsc) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"*The girl hears knocking from further inside and she gets up to answer it. She closes the window, leaving enough room only for a wolf's snout.*"
My monk is crying the salty tears of a well deserved nerfing. Time to play some BARB.
Can I have your dogs?
I thought you were going to say you took someones outdoor shoes to the bathroom and pissed in them lol.
Thanks soo much.
[deleted]
"I can't actually answer this with 100% certainty, but everyone with the 'original' was given the enhanced edition on Steam, and the 'original' is no longer available on GoG or steam as far as I can tell. In effect, I think the 'enhanced edition' is basically a huge patch rather than a rerelease.

So basically, I don't think the 'original' exists as a seperate product anymore, and anything buyable should/will be the enhanced edition, or will functionally include both.. but having not bought it off the humble store recently, I don't actually know with 100% certainty."
"I'm Australian and I think beetroot is revolting, on or off a hamburger. I love a pineapple ring, though. "
But...but...they're *my* dogs...
raiden is the superior memester. we dont need snake getting addicted to memes. he is already addicted to tobacco and warfare.
"Campus library. I get to sit in front of a computer my entire shift, and I can do all my school stuff "
I ordered from them multiple times. They look scammy but are legit. You usually get your stuff within a week of ordering.
"For a shipname, do we choose Pintmay or Maysize?"
"Oh okay, I didn't know they had them on the road yet, but I have seen a few Evoque cabriolets around Gaydon on the motorway though so its feasible; were you allowed to drive it? 

This is a good point, Jaguar are aiming for universal design language, the [XE](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/30/Jaguar_Land_Rover_press_conference,_2014_Paris_Motor_Show_52.jpg) [(interior)](http://europiuma.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/2016-Jaguar-XE-Interior-Specs-Picture.jpg) and [XF](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-qZaEoqvD6As/VRG2CY29yQI/AAAAAAAAx18/p4eV5eAM47E/s1600/2016-Jaguar-XF-34.jpg) [(interior)](http://jeepcar2015.com/wp-content/gallery/2016-jaguar-xf/2016-Jaguar-XF-interior.jpg) are near identical, and the interior across all three new cars is the same, just at different levels of refinement. I was hoping for the [interior out of the XJ](http://www.moibbk.com/images/jaguar-xj-interior-1.jpg), which in my humble opinion is the best out there under £100k, but the new Jag interior is still good looking enough, and still sports luxurious features like the leather dash, alcantara roof and lots of other goodies that mark it as a step above its competition.

Boot space isn't really a problem, I too have two dogs, but if a car with a big boot is needed, there's always the Range Rover which is very much more capable and practical.  We go on a lot of road trips, mostly to Monaco, but soon to Portugal because we're getting a holiday home there, so we need space for crap as well, but the F-Pace is going to be a ""grocery getter"" and a work car, rather than a long distance car, for which we have two better suited cars for that job. 

Good to hear you're impressed, I hope I am too. Thanks!"
"Darmian/Coleman for someone like Cresswell, Sagna...

Any others I should be aware of?"
"""Invest in Volkswagen. When they get over the emissions scandal, that stock is going uuuuuup. If that takes too long, then invest in Air New Zealand. They're not a huge company but it's one of the best airlines in the world. Stock price is raising at an insane rate.""

I see you also invest in Volkswagen even though the minimum age to buy shares in every european country is at least 18"
"SkyWatcher make a small EQ mount ideally suited for cameras, if that's your thing. http://ca.skywatcher.com/_english/02_mounts/02_detail.php?sid=68"
"I've already gone over budget,so an SSD isn't an option."
"Every bit of airtime Trump gets, is a bit of airtime another candidate misses out on. It's a zero sum game "
"So, the general consensus here is to increase fees until it reaches high levels, basically keeping new users out of Bitcoin?

I got your idea, but I don't think it is better. Nothing is stopping spammers from filling up the blocks to delay tx time and increase fees too.

We need to find a better solution."
[deleted]
"Can I take the counterpoint, and argue that grixis control was never that playable? Affinity is barely in your favor, and the deck struggles to beat anything. I have all the cards to build the deck, and it's just been really underwhelming for me. It can't beat burn, it can't beat tron, it can't beat tokens, it can't beat so many decks."
"Mine just fills up whatever space I have left whenever it's connected to a charger on wifi .. It's not software updates or anything else that I can deduce , I keep almost everything background or automatic turned off. Restore seems the only option."
"Your comment was removed due to possible spam/non-relevant comment from a new account.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/standingout) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Cool
"I do recall being pissed off by radios in Christine's part, but not to the extent of Dean's part. No, what fucked me over in the hotels was the first time I pissed off one of the Vera holograms and they made a loud ""schwoom"" sound as they went aggro. I swear I jumped from my seat at that point."
"just washed and went back to the gym :3
new video + old = 55$
pm any requests!"
"No sabía nada Julia, espero que todo te vaya muy bien... puedes que te desmayes, pero lo de perder el conocimiento en tu caso lo veo altamente improbable, me atrevería a decir imposible...Un Abrazo Fuerte y Muchos ánimos!! BESOTES!!"
[deleted]
It's pretty dope if you ask me. And in person you'd never guess 😂😂 except for my pentacle.
"&gt; Weird translation for the episode title, ""Coming Home"", the kanji appears to be ""Reunion with Mother"".

A lot of the episode titles have really loose translations for some reason"
"For the first question: yes, all bosses without dlcs was my first aim and I won them all at sl1 + no damage. I even won vs dlcs bosses except for Blue Smelter, Ivory King and the gankers.

2nd point: I had a hard time vs Gargoyles, but when I finally got the fine equip, I smashed them... 

3rd point: I didnt reach the fire resistance cause I couldnt with my rules, I just took a long range weapon and got it :)

This is the full playlist (sorry for the italian commentary, but I did this challenge for that community at first), you can see Gargoyles at ep17, while Smelter Demon at ep13: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLaQRDJqaf5aiyqWxLox5mghpDHPyoxqEG"
"He put on a lot of weight "
"literally improbable

must be some spooky scary mutha fucking shenanigans"
eBay?
まさにゲスの極みなつぶやき
RemindMe! 2 days Donation for the lucky fucker
Awful first touches though
"According to the CAS award, all players admitted being injected by Dank. So if he truly didn't receive any injections he made the fatal mistake of saying he did in his ASADA interview."
"Firstly, peerblock is stupid. Go to /r/torrents and they'll tell you why.


But anyway - what type of VPN is this? If it's OpenVPN, or some other type of system VPN, then all traffic from all programs should be routed over the VPN. So, yes, I'd be worried if a program could find my real IP address."
"Please, the new world order doesn't pay me silly boy."
"A really good CHEAP headset: Turtle Beach PX3. Wireless, rechargeable, and fit great. You can buy them on eBay or Amazon for about 35 dollars. "
"I proposed using a trebuchet to deliver tinned goods to the ISS. [r/theydidthemath](https://www.reddit.com/r/theydidthemath/) delivered with [how this would work](https://www.reddit.com/r/theydidthemath/comments/3kj51f/request_how_big_would_a_trebuchet_have_to_be_to/).

"
There's always a chance but usually studios that make it happen drop hints so people would have something to look forward to but the only message we've recieved was pretty much the hint of a no-go for season two from the one dubbing Emi.
The pop smoks dop
"Of course it is. I don't think they can forbid you to bind 1 command to 1 button. "
"&gt; I realize this somewhat defeats the purpose of an emergency fund, but we have more than we need, so we can accept the risk of a downturn reducing our emergency fund.
-

&gt; The only thing is, the market is in a downturn right now, and selling would mean accepting those losses.

*facepalms*"
"AQIM usually targets foreigners and lets Muslims go, they try to avoid killing Muslims. ISIS doesn't care who they kill, that's the main difference between the two."
"Your price is FAR too high, others are wanting $100-200 for a more developed version"
"I found a fix for me! I was trying on chrome originally and it did what you described. I tried on another explorer, Microsoft Edge and it worked perfectly fine! I tried to see if it made a difference on chrome and it let me sign in!!! "
"/u/camus_absurd, your submission has been removed from /r/Music for:

&gt; Popular artist or song submitted on Saturday **(Reason # 7)**



For full details of this rule, [please refer to our wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/wiki/removalreasons).  

If you have any questions or believe that there has been an error, you may [PM the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/music&amp;subject=Please review my post)."
[removed]
VOXALZ UR SUCH A DICK ISNT THIS ********'s
"&gt; What do you mean there are like 4 DX12 games

I didn't even know there were DX12 games, what are they?"
"Nice Idea! Hopefully if they implement this they will follow the same theme as they did with the doors (spruce trapdoors follow the same theme as spruce doors, birch trapdoors follow the same theme as birch doors etc.)"
[removed]
Didn't expect to see my work here; but I am still working on this project so I'll definitely share it on here when it's done!
Try to avoid coorperate. Those places take people easy enough but they're garbage. Bartending isn't a bad option- if you want serving tips or need some ideas of where to apply you can pm me.
"&gt;This does not negate the fact however that the vast majority of sales come from the lowest socio-economic backgrounds.

The vast majority of the US population is from lower socio-economic backgrounds... You are basically saying that the average person in the US is not that bright, which is very true. For this powerball it has absolutely nothing to do with the ""type"" of people who buy lottery tickets as that is irrelevant when the jackpot is this high. "
"Yeah the guys too, when there was a black guy in school who mostly hung out with white people, he was always a fan of anime and manga"
At least 20 lead what? What did they lead?
"I have a feeling you're not going to get that job.  Sorry.

On the plus side, this was clutch:

""Sammmmmmmmmmy."""
"I caught two of them. I think theres been like, four. "
"Excellent theories!  The third pic in tumblr is an albino raven - raven of course a reference to death and the picture comes from here:  https://www.audubon.org/news/rare-albino-raven-murdered.  "
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/atlanta-other-parts-of-south-paralyzed-by-ice-snowstorm/
Insane how?
I'm always surprised by how few apps my windows phone user friend (singular) has. Everyone else I know is Android.
I saw someone with those not too long ago.
"Haha, I'll hold you to that!"
"So, as I said earlier, it depends on moods and whims of mods.

And you still wonder why the sub has so low reputation :)"
Star Wars - Episode VII - Complete BS
"It's useful for other things too. Read my post below. 

One of my guildmates uses a destroy Vero with a support comp, and it works really well. He's g2."
Make me poor
[deleted]
"Adda ori e varza fara efecte, ori pur și simplu nu sunt la fel de quality ca alea din H&amp;M. E frustrant ca nu sunt de acord cu ele, nu inseamna ca Rusia e implicata in atacuri teroriste."
I don't think this will work
"Ja, bitte. Ist doch ein bisschen verwirrend, wenn man nicht sieht, worum es geht. :)

Opera zeigt auch nur den Titel (""Plauschangriff E09"") und als Dateiname kein Thema (""plauschangriff_e09.mp3"") an. Vorher stand zumindest ein Kürzel (""bw"", ""xb1"" etc.) dabei. Seit E08 aber nicht mehr."
"Start as you would when having a youngster, time, patience &amp; calmness. Just take everything slowly, you don't want to blow his mind. But then be firm when needed, it could be nerves but then it could be just being naughty. Start running your hands down the leg, don't ry pick up straight away. Slowly work towards holding feet up for a few seconds with large amounts of praise, he'll soon learn."
"I had to debate the answer.  Both are worthwhile answers.  Odetta had her disability, and her experiences in racist history to deal with.  Somehow hit me harder than Jakes story."
Please remove Marmalade from your package list.
Pewdiepie and Smosh
[deleted]
"Not relevant??? Way more lasting damage??? At the time when atomic and hydrogen bombs were created, no bombs could even compare to the amount of destruction these bombs created. The initial impact had a much larger radius than any bomb prior. After that, radiation killed people very slowly for years and years. Your logic is ignorant and your lack of education is prominent. "
"Is it even said what part of Assassin's Creed they're doing? The first one?

also that green screen makes me worry.."
"As far as coffee goes, I think you can't go wrong with the places on this list http://chicago.eater.com/maps/eater-chicago-coffee-map-2015. I haven't been to them all or anything like that, but the places I have been to on the list were good in my opinion. 

As for things to do, the museums are always fun to go to as well as the Art Institute. My favorite is the Art Institute followed by the Museum of Science and Industry (MSI). MSI is kind of far though so if you don't want to venture out from downtown, you could stick to the other museums in Museum Campus (Field Museum, Shedd Aquarium, Adler Planetarium). My favorite of those is the Field Museum. 

The city also has plenty of cool sights to see as well. A lot of people would probably consider Millennium Park ""touristy"" but I still think it's fun to just walk around and enjoy the surroundings. Maggie Daley Park is next to Millennium Park and is also quite nice to just walk around in. Of course there is architectural stuff as well, in which case you could visit the riverwalk or take an architectural boat tour which goes up and down the two branches of the river.

These are some of the things I think you ought to do if it's your first time visiting. For next time, however, I think you'd enjoy checking out some of the neighborhoods further away from downtown/the Loop like Lincoln Park or whatever. "
"Reminds me of that hologram tree in an episode of The Simpsons set in the future. ""In memory of a real tree"""
Hi
"sounds like a plan :)
by the way. my m4 is almost ready. 804 PR and all legendary parts at 5-7 stars. need now only 12 more batterys and about 20-30 gaskets :O"
"You smart.

Give thanks to the most tastiest."
Doulou Dalu 2 is being translated here https://cookiepastatranslations.wordpress.com/
"I came into the comments thinking ""There damn well better be a Sean Connery joke in here.""

Thank you /u/SasoDuck.  Thank you."
Huh I learned that it us from this thread. I always guessed I had it from not breathing for like 2 minutes at birth. Anyone know if that could still be it?
Why are you feeding the trolls?
"Dash was mildly annoyed, but not noticeably. He then said ""Was the fridge nice? Interesting function it has. Also, our fiery friend is currently in a volcano on Crystal Island, Elementia. So, if you wanted to ease him into finding out his past, I kinda nuked that idea."""
They did not biopsy the thing.. they took an FNA (fine needle aspiration) which is less invasive.
"I wish there were multiple videos on the DZ or just even a demo of it... 
 
/s"
have you seen them before?
"&gt;  (Mulan herself was counted as a woman, even when she was impersonating a man).   

I'm really afraid to ask this question, because I think I know the answer, but: why the hell *wouldn't* she be?    

Also: man, the shit you can publish these days. It's just astounding. "
Oh yeah I wouldn't get far at all. I'm too spoiled by my current computing experience.
"Aaaaand it sucked. Hard. "
you say redditor since 10/22/15 but it saids your account has been active for 2 months :/
"A Mexican magician named Juan claims he can disappear on the count of 3. So he goes ""uno...dos...."" And disappears, without a tres  

SC: Bushika5182"
"Except this guy said he would fight to the death and said on multiple accounts  that he would be armed and ready to throw down if necessary.  

That seems to make this a little different from Occupy Wall Street doesn't it?"
"I'm a studying musician, you're an inspiration!"
"Pretty sure he always wears custom v4's, just skinned with the current design. "
with vio or vamp?
Sometimes me
"My wife worked at Jimmy John's for a couple of years. You do need to supply your own vehicle. You will pay for fuel and other expenses for your own vehicle without compensation from Jimmy John's. Some franchisees will give you a small amount of change for each delivery you take, but they charge a lot for delivery fees.

You get to keep your tips. All of them. You will be taxed on tips not received in cash.  

"
"But how would the issue get to the court? Who would have standing to sue a lawmaker for going off-topic? "
So youtube?
"The neqr final boss in Borderlands Pre-Sequel, that flying warrior ship thing. It took me and my boyfriend an hour or two to beat that"
Darkseid is.
ugh someone saw cowspiracy too....
"&gt; We’re all standing here ready to defend our peaceful resolution

... that sounds like a bit of a contradiction. ""We want a peaceful solution, but we'll defend ourselves!"" Uuuuh. So, what they mean is ""we're armed, let us leave so no one gets hurt""? Or what? I don't get it."
For me it was the last transformers.. The one with Mark Wahlberg. About 3/4 through the movie the dinosaur/transformer fight went on FOREVER so I went to pee and then hung out outside the theater for a bit. Went back in 20 minutes later and there was MORE fighting.
"I love the size and shape of the Praetorian, but I was hesitant for the longest time because of the price.

I ended up buying the Praetorian Stealth, and price be damned, I find it to be a very fun knife to swing open and use."
"*Her claws slice around his arm as he twists.*

[is he gettin cut and bloodied? hows that working out for her.]"
"SG-1, the original team of course, though I'll settle for the Jonas team. "
"Or [this](http://darwinawards.com/darwin/darwin1995-01.html).

&gt; (31 August 1995, Egypt) Six people drowned Monday while trying to rescue a chicken that had fallen into a well in southern Egypt. An 18 year old farmer was the first to descend into the 60-foot well. He drowned, apparently after an undercurrent in the water pulled him down, police said his sister and two brothers, none of whom could swim well, went in one by one to help him, but also drowned. Two elderly farmers then came to help. But they apparently were pulled by the same undercurrent. The bodies of the six were later pulled out of the well in the village of Nazlat Imara, 240 miles south of Cairo. The chicken was also pulled out. It survived."
"does that count the old swk skin for hun batz? "
Oh fantastic
You can't substitute America for reddit. The consequences of this are yet to be seen.  These guys have a fair amount of support that you would never imagine from just reading on reddit.
He was sitting on that album for a while tho... I remember when it dropped Earl said he recorded it way before it released.
"The eyehole man will just come outta nowhere and beat your arse. But it's worth it morty, those things are delicious."
"""Hi there. Do you pickup lines about pickup lines?

""Uh... no.""

""Well, I've never **meta** girl who did."""
5/7
"If Mario/Zelda and stuff like that is not Undertale sure will not don't worry. "
Jimmy is the type of goalie that needs to start consistently in order to play great. He'd be fine stepping in and being starter if Mrazzle got injured.
At that point he sounds like an idiot. There's self sacrifice and then there's just trying to be a martyr
"Except it didn't. Total revenue 7.9 Billion. Total profit after expenses 207 million. Total tax paid, 84.9 million. ~1.1%
"
"Twisted Messes will fit any build pretty much, postholes are good sized. Made by a builder for builders"
A line from OP to one of my posts was 'it's safe to assume the cumulative DPS is where the line levels off'. I've taken math at the Master's level. That reply basically demonstrated no understanding of integral and differential calculus.
"yeah, cross all platforms! With a single player campaign too (allegedly). Here's hopin' man!"
Thanks man! Trying to understand how to streetwear haha.
[deleted]
"Plot twist: the first child is still a daughter but Luca's wish comes true. "
That's sick man! I miss McCafferty
[deleted]
Thanks a lot now I really want that scarf that I can not afford lol. It is beautiful though honestly. Thank you for taking the time out to explain to me the process. When I am not poor one day I will for sure buy one from you. How did you learn?
"Everyone needs to go to PCGamingWiki for every new game they buy. Lots of useful tweaks. "
"&gt; Maybe. I haven't seen anything other than ""it's unclear who fired first"".

It has been clear from the beginning that the feds and the state authorities did not want another Waco or Ruby Ridge. There were no kids involved and no actual terrorist acts.

It could have been one of the Bundy clan themselves who shot the guy in there ineptitude. Autopsy will clear that up.

If only they had renewed their Discovery Passes at the beginning of the year."
This is exactly the right answer.
Coffee enemas are a thing.
The Flintstones
seems like someone bought it
Wait everyone? Like immediately 100% chance of facing masters or GM
Once I had love like that
"Similar colors, but no, not a Habs fan."
"Its the only thing she's got. She's lost any audience that isn't sheep, and now the only to keep those sheep in the herd is to keep telling them what they want to hear, even if it makes no sense at all."
Reallt nice! What did you use to create the rocky backdrop?
Which makes you wonder why he wasn't in prison for these crimes. You can't escape Karma.
wow nice video.thanks
I know Diplo more from Major Lazer than from Diplo.
I bought a cigar tube and cut a small hole in the bottom. I keep mine in the tube with a single layer of paper towel and the locking ring clamped down tight. Hasn't failed me yet.
"Safey? I know I feel safer when I have a half gallon of gasoline running down the side of my car. "
"I mean, he also dropped out of school in the ninth grade. Like, he literally doesn't even have a high school level understanding of science or history."
"I think certain all-white shoes look pretty good to look at or look nice on other people's feet, but I can't pull it off at all so I stick to black kicks"
I'm not 100 percent set on all the rarities! What all do you have?
Your account does not meet the minimum age requirement.                   Accounts must be 90 days or older and have a combined karma score                   of at least 500 in order to request a subreddit.                   More information may be found in the [redditrequest FAQ.](/r/redditrequest/wiki/faq)
That's a pretty funky jam. https://securemg.lincoln.com/musicselfie/play
"No. I think part of the point of ARK was that you have no recollection of how, who, and why you are in the ARK island.

Edit: Adding that in ARK, you build your own path. You are free to do many things in ARK, and adding ""races and lineages"" forces a playstyle. Which is, what I believe, not what ARK is all about."
What are you wearing?! *Jake from State Farm*
It's possible the decision could be broken. What did it actually say? And what were the requirements?
You are incredible. Hope you take more risks when posting in the future
"OP has a duty to mitigate his damages. If the damage could have been prevented by a simple action of turning off the water to the pipe, they may not be able to recover as much. "
X-posted to r/funny but will likely be removed
"The guy who also had less than 80 receptions and 1,100 yards? 14 td's is impressive but it's not even 1 per game, he wasn't a dominant force all season. Point being, if td's is the only thing impressive about him, it's gotta be more than 14 even if that lead the league. "
Probably weather; I had a legal order stuck in the midwest for a day or two earlier this week.
"All the reports say a gun battle, which implies both directions.  

&gt;  John Ritzheimer

Oh good, glad to here his jackass won't be staging any more armed intimidations outside mosques for a while. "
"Fuck it, I'll be that guy. The 1st is nice. The 2nd one looks like something my 6 year old neice could do."
"Just use the Loch Shield whenever he casts his long distance arcane spell, it negates most of the damage.  It's a lifesaver if you aren't good at dodging them."
"Comment lacked art and was removed. Read the rules before participating, please. "
"Two things, if that's alright. 

The first one is flying planes. When I was twelve, I was in Air Cadets (if you don't want to research what that is, imagine giving Boy Scouts access to the Air Force). I was invited to go up in a plane with a couple other cadets and they put me in the front beside the pilot. I got to take control of the plane and the pilot looked at me with astonishment and said ""You're a natural!"" It was one of the nicest feelings in the world. 

The second one is playing rugby. I tried out in my second last year of high school and little did I know that I was an extremely fast runner. I also had the ability to just evaluate the defence and get around them easily. My coach loved having me on the team just as much as I loved being on it. "
"Amazing Camera, top notch benchmarks/performance (at the time, still on the same level as some of the new releases), and amazing display. "
Someone else's skiddies = bonus hipster points
http://imgur.com/gallery/Yi6vUNI
"""Hehe, that may be a problem. Mt. Magma is way too hot for either of us. My environmental shield isn't set for volcanic heat or ash."""
"A person? Soros represents an organization, which is why he holds so much power.

And how is it antagonizing to discourage foreigners from playing around with your country's economy and ""subverting your political system""?"
"You're right that they can provide some level of CC. But when compared to the utility they offered in D2, they're nowhere near living up to their potential in that area either. "
Hope it's manU
"Right?  Actually, I'm from NE Ohio and never saw the movie until I was in my 20's, but I knew it existed.  It was filmed when I was a freshman in high school (maybe 8th grade but pretty sure 9th) and a couple of my schoolmates are extras in the movie.  It in the parade scene.  "
I got weird canadian puffy cheetos type things with my gong and bubbler.  Cool company.
His depth has gotten a lot better recently.
"lock(lockObject) {
"
"We'll use max stats for all parties:

Silverback: 5' 11"" and 510lbs

Brown Bear: 12’ 6″ and 1600lbs

R1: Grizzly is immensely powerful, and incredibly intelligent. Even though both Gorillas are smarter than the Grizzly, the differential of intelligence in a fight isn't gonna make all that much of a difference. One swipe from a Grizzly of that size is going to be concussive, and more over his reach will be almost twice that of the Gorillas. Bear takes it 7/10. 

R2: Honestly this would play out pretty much identically to R1, as trees will only help the Gorillas escape (Grizzly's can't climb). Still 7/10.

R3: Now this one is interesting, because on the one hand I think the additional Silverback would actually swing this from 7/10 to 3/10 for the Grizzly, but on the other hand Gorillas are incapable of swimming (muscle density is way too high). In fact, if the Grizzly is on a rock like [this](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/52e671eae4b07d51ee0016ea/53efdd1de4b0c741572f8e3d/533c2521e4b09f955d51e60c/1396450594725/AK+354-355+Bear+catching+salmon.jpg?format=500w), then there's absolutely no way the Gorillas are winning. I'd say 10/10 Grizzly can't be touched by drowned Silverbacks."
"I think it is due to the white background behind the keys, if it were the green version it would be green."
Everytime your mouse hovers over a save button it jumps to the close button
There is such thing as a post-birth abortion...
"I know Im late but I hope someone can help.

Formation:  4 back, preferably 4-3-3 or 4-3-2-1

Hybrid:  Sure

League:  Doesn't matter

Budget:  980k

Xbox one"
"They should put an input to how many you wanna to buy, as well an input to how many you want to open or consume items on your inventory. That must not be that hard to implement."
"Nietzsche (On the Genealogy of Morality): Don't let society's norms control you. Overcome guilt to embrace your true nature. Freud (Civilization and Its Discontents): One aim of the ruling class is to use guilt to control people's free sexual expression. People are easy to control when they are ashamed. Don't fall victim to this! John Stuart Mill (On Liberty): People should enjoy any liberty as long as they are not doing harm to others. 
"
"Regardless of the circuit breaker capacity, normal US 120V outlets and plugs are only rated for 15 amps. http://www.stayonline.com/reference-nema-straight-blade.aspx "
Ep. 14-- Uber Tandem Bike.  Campout with homeless in woods at REI.
Shia LaBeouf compels you: do it!
"Last week was the first week I used the CBS app but if it's anything like the ESPN app it will use commercials particularly intended for that app. I get the same ads over and over again on the ESPN one so I doubt you'll see the broadcast commercials. These days though you can watch a lot of them on YouTube before the game and then the rest afterward. "
"We got my dinners in paris, and they going gorillas..."
"Sorry, I'm looking for something reaching to 95 mbps as that's the max that my chromebook will be able to read on average. thanks for the offer though!"
"Users, please be wary of proof. You are welcome to ask for more proof if you find it insufficient. 

OP, if you need any help, please message the mods [here](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fiama&amp;subject=&amp;message=).

Thank you!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IAmA) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"You misunderstand what that stat is -- It's projecting, based off the minutes that it thinks they would have played, the amount of value lost -- those players don't provide much value and wouldn't have played many minutes, so they don't cost much value.

As for ""fully healthy"" comparisons, using last year, where the Hornets were top 10 with regards to value of injury time missed, and the Wizards were 24th, doesn't really make sense, especially when the Hornets have since overhauled most of their roster.

But then you have to consider that we added a borderline all-star this offseason in Nic Batum, as well as other significant contributors in Jeremy Lin, Jeremy Lamb, an empty chair where Lance Stephenson used to sit but importantly no longer does, and Frank Kaminsky.  The Wizards, meanwhile, got a year older at two key positions (Gortat and Nene have predictably regressed), and added only Jared Dudley and active negative Gary Neal as significant players, while losing Paul Pierce's contributions from last year.  And obviously, they got a little better than last year in terms of strict roster moves, but nowhere near as much as we did.

During the games we were half healthy this year (Even then we were still missing MKG the whole time), we were a clear top 10 offense and top 10 defense, two things that this Washington Roster is never going to sniff, even if healthy."
"^nuh-UH ^YORE ^a ^poopeehed

"
"I disagree with the notion that there's some minimum time limit.  My wife and I married in 1993 (yay now-unnecessary trans marriage loophole), 14 months after meeting, and none of you will live long enough to meet a happier couple.  

But I agree that it's a serious decision that demands clear-headed and careful consideration and a *very* strong and well-rounded relationship.  

Your acquaintance is a hot mess.  Complaining that her wife is ""super jealous"" and then unprovokedly hitting on you... golly, it's almost as if her wife has a *reason* to be jealous or something."
"Without *seeing* it, I call ""bullshit."" Sorry, but the skeptic in me just doesn't buy it. There's a very good chance he got something that looks like it from some third party, and a *slight* chance he has a genuine article, but for now this warrants a good ol' ""pics or BS."" Pics ""in a couple months"" also rings of BS, to that note. Whole thing just sounds highly suspect."
"That looks allot better. "
"More tweets:
https://twitter.com/wizkhalifa/status/692207653825679361
https://twitter.com/wizkhalifa/status/692174112689655808
https://twitter.com/wizkhalifa/status/692174579788333056

&gt;KOE ‏@wizkhalifa 17m17 : Max B number one trending. FREE THE WAVE.

&gt;KOE Verified account @wizkhalifa: Please don't take the wave.

&gt;KOE Verified account @wizkhalifa: Max B is the wavy one. He created the wave. There is no wave without him.


"
"At least the coolant won't be in the way of the show.
"
Ball lightning?
"The 5 people who play will be really happy about that. "
"Your name, while amusing, fills me with doubt and fear about the appropriateness of the material you may be presenting as it relates to this particular sub.

Though, as it relates to that, hi kettle, my name is pot."
"Not everyone knows mods by name, not everyone reads the flairs of every person they read, but everyone can change the flair text, yo."
Trumpenberg
"Mobile outsold portable *years* ago.

No one care about desktops/laptop. "
"at chapter 110 of Negima, Negi ain't shit, so Touta is already becoming stronger than Negi"
lol yeah i get it.  Pungbaek is my first and only nat5.  He farms Aiden hell for me right now
It seems that you are running at 110% zoom instead of 100%
Oh hey! I'm a librarian page and mostly on shelf and desk. How's it? :&gt;
"Would you be so kind as to tell me the name of the song please?
"
... and don't forget about  [our seasonal tumbleweed migrations!](http://i.imgur.com/ZcSzUj6.gifv)
I went to Spain in 1998 or 99 for Spanish class. That sword place was badass. Some kids came home with medieval stuff. It was pre 9/11 so I'm amazed you were allowed to bring back that stuff in 2014.
"It's only because I knew KD's stats off the top of my head. If I knew Curry was going off during that time I would have said Curry. I was just trying to add to the conversation. "
[Amended.](http://imgur.com/6Rf8Qfu)
"That'll be a big part of your issue -- if you're going to go low carb, you're going to need to up the fat intake. It'll help with satiation, too, which is the 'full without being full' thing you're getting at -- you're physically full of food but not satiated. "
new consultation might cover FUP. See this: http://trai.gov.in/Content/ConDis/20764_0.aspx
Definitely will!
"That rain jacket is light years beyond what it replaced. And it's a better than the ice jacket for layering under. "
"Can't imagine a better stage with better music, it just isn't possible. "
"Yeah I used to get that problem but now it never happens for me. I don't really know if there's a fix for it, but maybe it will go away after a while like mine? Also maybe try locking the vita and watch the green light while it flashes, when it stops flashing and goes off, try unlocking it then?"
"You only see her for a few seconds at a time, so I would imagine most did it for the playstyle. 

I also sniped mainly, so I liked the quick kills of enemies and double penetration on heavily armored ones."
"You may want to see the video because it's interesting how far teams are taking the hack-a strategy, and casual fans might feel the same way, but when you actually watch it in a game it becomes almost impossible to not change the channel. I'm scared to death of getting a Rockets/Clippers or Pistons/Heat playoff matchup where we get to watch a 7 game series of Howard, Jordan, Drummond, and Whiteside each brick 25+ free throws a game."
Well it's the only spot I see antifreeze going out over everything underneath it. But I can't see behind it or under it to see because of its position.
Depends on what you mean by back rides
"&gt; Reparations, though... That's not a problem of political corruption. The opposition is basically anyone but a small majority of black Americans and a large minority of Hispanic/Latino Americans. It's fundamentally different. 

Thanks for replying! I probably should have been able to find that post somewhere on my own, I guess, haha. It was kind of you to repost it for me.

You say the difference boils down to who opposes each issue, but that seems strange to me. Shouldn't the real question though be *why* do these people oppose reparations rather than ""who"" supports them? Devil's advocate/ logical extreme argument: If the majority of people supported genocide, that would not make it morally correct."
"Because information reporting (1099s, w-2s, k-1s), and SSN requirements (to claim dependents) means that the majority of items on most people's returns can be verified by the IRS without ever contacting you for an audit.  In other words, if you're only income is your job, where you get a w-2, and you don't itemize, you are audited. "
"Quite simply, it was often either commit suicide or be killed. 

The reason why some/many followed the orders rather quickly was because of the enormity of the propaganda that Japanese/Okinawans had been exposed to that often claimed the American/Allied troops would rape and torture women and children before killing them. Soldiers and civilians were aware of the stories, and soldiers knew better than most that Allied soldiers in the Pacific were quite ruthless (largely in part to the ruthlessness of Japanese soldiers and the brutality of the Pacific theater; it was one great mess)

Those that were more hesitant to follow orders were threatened with violence. Failing all that, some soldiers did kill civilians. 

"
"And this is the point where you'd give almost anything to say ""I know who you *were*."""
"Idk man, the last 3 or few times this has happened, Villa only played like 11 min even if he ""started"". It fooled me once and it really pissed me off. Turns out he got given way more minutes out of nowhere. There mustve been something going on that we had no idea about internally, thats all I can think of"
[deleted]
"There's also FeedingLFG. Take smite and TP, rush down mid then TP back so their team gets 10 kills. Buy 3 rejuv beads and head the the jungle. Kill all the monsters but a little one and then afk. The rejuv beads keep you alive. Make sure they end after 7 minutes or no one will get IP. You get 205 IP for ~10 minutes of afking. They get 304 IP.

Edit: For those of you worried about getting banned, the first time this FeedingLFG thing happened someone asked Riot Lyte about it. https://ask.fm/RiotLyte/answers/132102833858. Basically it's ok if your team agrees to it is what they said.   "
That shit is creepy as fuck.  Who knows what else could be out there?
Morg Traceman?
"I am feeling this right along with you Reddit brother/sister.

Lost my mom a month and a half ago due to hospital negligence and misconduct and every single day is a battle to keep my head up.

You're not alone. Be strong... for her!"
"They don't, they just couldn't afford back doors. 

Times were tough."
"Set your PS3 on top of your PS4?

But seriously, there's no way to do so. There is no PS1 support on PS4, which fucking sucks."
"Assault rifles are already banned. They are, by definition, capable of burst or full-automatic fire and are thus considered machine guns by the BATF. They're illegal for nearly all civilians to purchase or possess.

""Assault weapons"" are not assault rifles. Firearms are categorized as ""assault weapons"" for a set of cosmetic features, and aspects of the firearm not related to how deadly they are."
Ditto. I assume some do though. It's more likely a result of us playing mediocre as we are...
"Never thought I would see a game with Dena plastered on it make it on to a list like this.

I love FFRK, it's my current go-to game on my phone. I haven't spent a cent. Not because I don't spend or proud to not spend, but just can't bring myself to spend $30 for 11 3* items."
"I thought there was a massdrop bot, so you could at least view the item.

Maybe not in this sub?  Maybe need to summon it in comments?  Maybe it's Maybelline?

https://www.massdrop.com/vote/Flask-KAC-Gear-SR25-Magazine"
"I sliced off skin from the tip of my middle finger and now have no feeling in it. It's a nice little scar.

I also used a potato peeler and shoved that in my left thumb once. 

I worked in a kitchen that never trained anybody. I learned quick, though."
"You can't just act in a role Jim Carry has already played because when you see him do it, you will never be able to imagine it any other way."
The 56 or 57 (don't know the exact sizes offered) should be perfect.
Knew it was inevitable :)
"You should also check out Beth Gibbons' solo album Out of Season. It's beautiful. 

Edit: Out of Season is the album, Mysteries is the song!"
Why would Harper play CF if they signed Cespedes? He won the AL Gold Glove for center field in 2014.
"I've been divorced for a few years. Caught my wife red-handed in the act cheating.  I've dated a handful of times, but nothing past a few dates. I can't get past that hurdle of trust. It sucks, i want to, but I just cant, at least at this point. I've stopped dating completely this past 6 months. Just enjoying my kiddos and friends.  Maybe someday I'll learn to trust to a point to be comfortable in a relationship, but as of now, two years later, I'm ok with just being a single dad.  Sorry..."
I would love a discussion on this topic.
And that's a rock fact!
"You asked

&gt;how two cowboys managed to not only construct a suit that has confounded scientists and costume experts for nearly half a century, but also managed to expertly hoax footprints that match a thousand other dynamic casts anatomically and physiologically, and also put their testimonies and film in perfect sequence to corroborate it? 

[me] That's equivalent to asking me for a recipe for making a duplicate of the PG film.

We don't know Patty made the footprints that were plaster-casted. So Patty and the footprints don't support or reinforce each other. Each should be judged separately on their own merits.

The testimony may be misleading. It's not hard to construct a narrative consistent with film footage.

The null hypothesis is perfectly reasonable. We shouldn't assume Patty is genuine and then demand proof she's not. Likewise we shouldn't assume Patty is a hoax and demand proof she's not.

I don't argue that Patty *must be* a hoax. Rather, I argue that Patty *might be* a hoax. 

You have conceded Patty may be an actor in a costume. I have conceded that Patty may be a genuine Bigfoot. So we agree that Patty may be either an actor in a costume or a genuine Bigfoot.

What we disagree on is whether PG is more *likely* hoax than not; whether PG is more *likely* genuine than not. The arguments use inductive reasoning.

I think your view that PG is more likely genuine than not, hoax unlikely, results from errors in reasoning. One error I think you've made is you've assumed Patty made the footprints that got plaster-casted. You swallowed the narrative presented by the people who made the film. I think we have to disregard that narrative, as it could be a fabrication (fiction). That means Patty doesn't support the conclusion that the footprints are genuine, nor do the footprints support the conclusion that Patty is genuine.

If Patty is an actor in a costume, the costume is good enough, the distance great enough, and the film grainy enough that we don't have enough information to soundly conclude it must be an actor in a costume. We can't rule out genuine Bigfoot, but we can't rule out actor in costume, either.

In short: Patty is ambiguous.

So in order to argue that Patty is more likely hoax than not, or more likely Bigfoot than not, we have to premise our reasoning on other things besides the ambiguous images of Patty. Those things can't include the footprints, as we don't know Patty made them. Can't include the narrative presented by the film makers, either, as that may be fabricated. 

One argument for hoax being more likely than not is that many years have passed, and many high-quality video cameras added to North America, without anything as good as PG being produced. The strong implication is that Patty probably isn't genuine.

And no specimen has been collected. The strong implication is that Bigfoots probably don't exist, and therefore Patty probably isn't genuine.

But there's also the possibility that Patty is genuine but Bigfoots went extinct sometime after Patty was filmed.

I'll believe the minute I hear a credible announcement that a genuine specimen has been collected. But Patty is ambiguous, so doesn't support the conclusion that Patty must be a Bigfoot or is likely a Bigfoot, therefore doesn't support the conclusion that Bigfoots must exist or likely exist.

No footprint or footprints absent an associated specimen can support the conclusion that Bigfoots must exist or likely exist.

No amount of testimony absent an associated specimen can support the conclusion that Bigfoots must exist or likely exist.














"
oh please. then they get into waffles and get r/ejected then back to the drawing board
"I don't think there's going to be another game set in the Mojave, but sure I'd love if Obsidian take another shot at a Fallout game, considering every Fallout fan knows that New Vegas was a much more superior game to Fallout 3 both mechanically and technically and that the only things New Vegas lacked was atmosphere and story.

The most likely place for there to be a Obsidian based Fallout game is in the West Coast, and most likely New Mexico."
well damn dude idk how anybody else writes shit out so i generalize hahaha
"what kind of pet do you have without saying the kind of pet... oh wait, it's not one of those"
4
"Let me guess, 180 Ann Street?"
"Let's not go making broad sweeping assumptions. Those are first and foremost dictatorships/military juntas. 

There are plenty of parliamentary or presidential democracies with communists or socialists elected to major office that go pretty smoothly. The US had this thing they did in the Cold War where they somehow managed to turn socialist and stuff like that into a slur. In Europe it's alive and well. "
"Stephen King's Misery. I didn't realize what an amazing book it was until I listened to it. I read the book as a teenager and listening to it is like a bagillion times better.  Good luck with your search, I love Audible."
No!! Not that guy!!!
"Just goes to show, what goes around is all around."
"Bruh, I don't think there ever was a date."
[deleted]
"I was gonna call you a cunt but I like your username. Why are you guys such hateful pricks though? Whether you are gonna donate or not, what's up with the obvious giddiness and cheer over him potentially failing? I love that man (Norton) and wish him nothing but the best. No one has made me laugh more or harder in my entire life than him. You guys really are a group of miserable/hateful cunts. It's crazy how hard of a time you give a man for standing up for his friend that he legitimately likes and believes. Seriously don't you guys have friends? I know there's several handfuls of friends in my life that I would defend basically no matter what. 



After writing this I've decided that I will in fact donate to Jimmy and I hope that he's got sweet prizes for doing so"
"To be honest I would love to just buy the purple/white base set off of you. I don't need the white mods :/ At $100 it is in the price range of GMK. "
"That's a bad way to count. There's two novellas, so you need to call it 3.0 books. Calling a novella half a book is ridiculous anyway. "
"Your submission has been automatically removed because the title contains ""**cringe**"". Please put more effort into your title and describe what's going on! Resubmit with a new title.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/cringepics) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"You don't survive suicide. You survive attempted suicide. "
And O'Reilly? He's never even won a playoff series.
not dying just leaving
Don't be a twat.
"&gt; Look through the list and tell me if they're all easy.

Wait, so you're trying to argue it's hard yet you said it was ""easy"" and ""pretty simple""? 

Anyway, I'm truly happy for you and I'm also an engineer so I'm hoping for a similar outcome as you. The difference is that I'm not afraid to admit that college (and engineering) is difficult. I maybe find college harder than you do because I go to an Ivy League school or it may be because you truly are very smart/quickly grasp concepts."
I would. Ask your dr if anything in your medical records
"Taking five weeks off low bar and doing high bar instead, hopefully going to finally fix my chronic bicep pain from low bar squatting. so far my plan is, everyday:

* dislocates

* t-spine mobility

* practicing much tighter set up with a broomstick (lol)

* using wrist wraps when I start again

* following quinn henochs protocol as found here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sk0xwz6jNiM

anything I'm missing? if it works i'll make a post about it since it's such a common problem. "
"Really??? I want to know more about this. It sounds gas. I don't play the game but someone was telling me a story about how victory dragon, which is a miserably unplayable card that, when it hits them, makes you win the match instead of the game, was banned since the opponent would just concede instead of letting it hit them, and when they instituted a rule banning this, they would claim the concession was completely unrelated"
"Joysticks?  I don't even own one or a HOTAS set.  In E:D, I still play much better with a keyboard and mouse.  Haven't dedicated the time or money to practicing with it yet.

Then could you answer me this?  In Star Citizen, do people generally recommend dual sticks or a HOTAS?  And why?"
"I'm a small collector, mainly small stuff i just happen to come by and mainly american currency, any chance I could get one?"
"Hey I'd love to get to know you if you want to pm me 😊
"
"Prisoners are given food and necessities. "
"Do you really need to read the Jedi Academy trilogy before I, Jedi? I was under the impression that IJ basically retcons and replaces the JAT."
"It is. Otherwise people just keep your worthless (to them) parcel because they can and that screws everyone over. "
Guess what he already did
"I've actually an old notebook in which I write all my passwords.      
I do not write down what the password is for - so, worst case, I lose the notebook and someone has to try every single one for every single thing of mine he wants to hack.         
Usually, it's an 8-letter word, with numbers, followed by a special character and then more words and numbers.        
Since I write it all down I can go for as long as you want, bb."
"You never said you weren't either wuss. You're the one crying for help on how to get a job done that you can't do on your own so learn to elaborate if you're gonna ask people to bail your lame as out. Your lich member bested you and you're so clueless you came to a forum for help. My advice then if you're a PC, stop whining."
[deleted]
"Serious question, why is everyone so hot to keep him?

He came out pretty solid when we got him but he had a really steady [decline through the WS](http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/c/cespeyo01.shtml#batting_postseason::none) and had some issues with not chasing balls/running to first.

Is it just that we had a great turn around right after he showed up and people attribute it all to him or is there something I'm not seeing?"
The Dutch Punch sandwich is delicious.
I could be wrong. Maybe I'm just thinking that because both are games that didn't matter at all lol.
"Cool, now make it conjugate all the millions of verb forms in Chosk. "
"Exactly my reaction. The letter actually stated they were sealing the road the next day. So i guess they realised it was their stuff up.
"
"The voters are often swayed by Meltzer's opinions "
"*I do not like your jizzed-on socks;*

*I much prefer my jizzed-in box.*"
"This submission has been removed because the post body likely contains no context beyond the title.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/leagueoflegends) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
I like it a lot in a support class. Revolver or 9mm and a double barrel makes you a close quarters threat for only 1 point. For an even deadlier close range option bring a burst pistol. Burst pistol/ FAT3/Reviver3/second chance 1/ double barrel is my go to medic class.
"I was going to enter with the same d pairing, but my team is pretty good.  Hopefully you can win him! Good luck."
"&gt;Walmart is not your bitch, stop telling them what they should do because of what you want.

You have it backwards because [Walmart, McDonald's and other corporate welfare queens have been treating U.S. society as their ""bitch"" for decades](https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2015/04/15/we-are-spending-153-billion-a-year-to-subsidize-mcdonalds-and-walmarts-low-wage-workers/).  It is not society's responsibility to shoulder Walmart's or any other corporate welfare queen's labor costs through social programs and other tax hustles.  We're long past the point where this deadbeat behavior deserved to be outlawed in the U.S. "
"Greetings, \/u/ahotpineapple!  Your submission has been removed because thedailybeast.com is not an allowed source at \/r/nottheonion. thedailybeast.com has been determined to not be a reliable news source, or possibly not even a news source at all. Please find an alternate source for the news story if applicable. If it is a list of ""cool stuff"" kind of thing, those are generally not deemed ""Oniony"" in nature and should be avoided from submission to \/r/nottheonion.

For a complete list of domains that are not allowed, [click here](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/autoremoval).  If you're new to \/r/NotTheOnion, you may want to check out [NTO101: An Introduction To \/r/NotTheOnion](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101) for more information on our rules and answers to frequently asked questions. 


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/nottheonion) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Back to back: Bought a sports car without checking the cost of insurance. Then got laid off and went back to college on a fine arts degree. "
June st
ELI5 has 13.
"Households already exists, and it could be optional. Sorry I bothered you with my question. 
"
"We've given so much thought to the naming of planets in our solar system in the past, the best we can come up with these days is planet x?? A sign of the times people.. next one will be planet omg."
"Might be important to point out, the rocket didn't tip over after landing due to rough seas or wind or anything like that. It was a flaw in one of the rocket's landing legs. If it had landed on dry land it would have done the exact same thing."
"It wasn't terrorism, it was intended to kill Turkish military not innocents. "
I will not get over this for a long time
"Play your off-role, specific champions, or off-meta stuff. I'm currently using my smurf to play only Annie and ARAMs. I almost never play Annie on my main account. It's like an alternate version of me as a player where I go mid and carry rather than support and, well, support."
[deleted]
"Josh from Until Dawn. 

He technically didn't kill anyone, he never had to make the choice to sacrifice himself to save someone else. He had a mental illness and he never really had a choice about that. He fucked with his friends, sure, but he never made a choice that ended in a fatality to save himself. All of his friend's did (some of it depending on how you played the game, but you get the idea)."
[deleted]
"/r/FULLCOMMUNISM might be tougher to explain "
"&gt; I think everything has been reversed. Instead of 'I want a big family, therefor I will work really hard to make sure they have a good life and I can support them' is now 'I HAVE a big family, so I DESERVE all the money because of my choice to have them!! They're already here!! HOW DARE YOU DENYME'

As a childfree I'm probably not the best judge, but I think kids should be raised in groups by professionals instead of letting whoever spawns them keep them like pets."
"      Profile: New Cell ID (39)

    State: Variable Value [ %CELLID neq %OldCellID ]

      Enter: Anon (77)

    A1: Variable Set [ Name:%OldCellID To:%CELLID Do Maths:Off Append:Off ] 

    A2: Say [ Text:New Cell Tower Engine:Voice:default:default Stream:3 Pitch:5 Speed:5 Respect Audio Focus:On Network:Off Continue Task Immediately:Off ] 


I've not tested this but I use a similar idea to report changes to my cell signal strength."
What a cheap skate! 20 bucks? That's it? Not even worth the time.
I would be so so salty if they get anything less than SMU's punishment
"Eh, possibly.  Perhaps a psychologist/psychiatrist might be able to offer a more informed opinion."
"I'm sorry, but that is the ugliest vessel I have ever seen."
"Haha if somebody would have said ""/r/childfree"" on that post I would just fucking die.

It's terribly sad, but /r/pics is not the place for it."
"nah, I used a single strand of thin copper wire. Was pretty clean to begin with. 
I'll try it with 87 pump gas. 
The rotors are acting like a flywheel and keep the engine turning even after spark is stopped. It's self-fueling just without a spark. "
"Yeah I feel like the loss of Diggle would cause pandemonium lol. Idk, maybe it'll be thea so Mr flip can come back lol."
"Not sure really hope I'm on the bike when I have a flashback tho.  "
I LOVE MINIONS
You are wicked smaht.
[removed]
"Bro they dont have guns. "
[deleted]
"You'd be very surprised how close to its premier a film is worked on. Some of the biggest budget films are ""finalized"" just days before being premiered. I guarantee you that a lot of work is still being right now and will continue to be done for the next 8 weeks."
[removed]
The blue water is magical :)
"&gt; So Bristol may be a hypocrite, but you liberals are hypocrites too.

But she's the one you defend."
I thought seeso was supposed to be free? Now it's not
1996 lexus es 300
"Your submission has been removed because may concern a recent, high profile event. Please see previous posts, or check r/space or r/askscience


* https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/search?q=planet&amp;sort=new&amp;restrict_sr=on

* https://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/41uoli/astronomers_say_a_neptunesized_planet_lurks/

* https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/41vt8v/how_can_a_potential_planet_x_go_undiscovered_for/

* https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/41wzn4/planet_ix_megathread/


**Follow up questions related to the 9th planet are unlikely to be approved because the subject is most likely not a concept question, but calls for speculation or has already been covered.**

If you believe your post was removed in error and you are asking a question unrelated to this topic, please [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fexplainlikeimfive&amp;subject=Can%20you%20review%20my%20thread?) to review your submission. If you do not include a link to your submission and an indication that you've searched, your response will likely be ""Have you searched? What post?"" Please indicate *why* you believe your thread is unique, as well.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/explainlikeimfive) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"If you like them, you may like SR-71.  They're pop/punkish from the USA."
"DC Metro is worse in my experience "
"For software, find [the better freeware](http://www.dogsonacid.com/threads/the-feeding-cone-free-vsts-thread-extravaganza-2016-edition.774207/) and start with them loaded into the demos of whatever DAWs look interesting to you. You don't need to buy pricey commercial software until far down the line except for your DAW, and on top of the great freeware, all the DAWs now come with great bundled instruments and effects (wasn't always the case).

For audio interfaces it depends on how many inputs and outputs you need and what kind of package you want it in. I personally recommend Lexicon, Focusrite, and PreSonus.

For technique, it's not that simple. You need to focus on the fundamentals of how you make creative decisions and figure things out. Try not to fall into habits of youtube tutorializing everything. Work on your critical listening above all else - the techniques to get there will follow.
"
"I'm trying extremely hard here to get some fresh stuff happening here and through a contact at FX but I have recently experienced a major life setback/changing event; but I am still available on mobile and I'm trying. 

Still trying to pitch Sutter on my reply as to why Jax switched from the white Nikes to the biker boots in the finale but he is being a punk and not responding.

You can check my Twitter if you want, user name plus 447 to see it. I've been meaning to post here for a long ass time but got too caught up in mod duties and such and then being, well, read Twitter. 

I'm trying, it's what keeps me going.

"
Even if he was just wrong it doesn't matter.  He said the intelligence is irrefutable and leaked intel from the British side shows that they didn't think it was that solid.  Bush isn't a dumb guy he just plays one on TV.
"No, I think that was why I was so naive to it all. 

I don't watch porn. It's somewhat of a trigger for me - not to sound all tumblr-cliche"
"I FOUND IT

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RK_XO_DJeSY"
"2nd Request

    IGN: My butthole
    Requesting: Aegislash
    Deposited: lvl 1 M abra

Thanks!
"
I'd bang you if I knew you didn't have a phone.
"I think pearl jam, dead and co, and lcd, are pretty good headliners myself"
"Not insane, just *infected*.  Yes, religion is exactly like a mental parasite.  "
"Did you engage in it together if you don't mind me asking?

I've had sex before when I was in a rough place, but anyone I'll date in the future I wouldn't sleep with until marriage. I feel as though the temptation will be there, and quite strong since its something I'd experienced before"
[deleted]
"I did! Twice! haha
"
I would have imagined something more interesting than what was on the card.
Yeah. The Kawasaki isn't as bad as I thought it'd be. The front wheel with two shafts did trip me a bit though. Wound up breaking done tabs off and I'm waiting for the glue to set before I try and finish it. Good thing I've got a UNSC Mantis to kill time with.
This is great!
"This is a really good point. You know, on the Internet we could all be Fred Rogers. Since there are trolls whose whole purpose of being on a forum or social media is to needle other people and make them miserable in return for some perceived slight, then why can't it work in reverse? All it would take are a few throwaway accounts on Reddit and people who are committed to helping other people, even the people they really disagree with, be the best they can be and letting them know they're loved for who they are.



"
"Nope, a vertebra. Very dicey."
" sounds like something the americans would do, yes"
"I haven't heard it myself, but supposedly it sounds like the weird intro to metal crusher."
"I'm not worried, just looking at the possibilities.
"
You can never play again.
Because Anthony Brown is better to develop? What do you want us to do develop MWP? Lmao
[Sauce for science](https://www.reddit.com/r/SauceForScience/comments/41ycfq/hungry_girl/cz667lt)
"Poms.

Poo's on my Shoe's"
"I used to collect hotwheels, till I realized just how silly it was.  But I quickly lost interest when i became friends with a dealer, and saw how easily he bought up collections for pennies on the dollar.  After that, it just became meaning less to me, i got to see a lot of rare cars, and then it lost all of its magic for me.  "
"All of the above! I have dry/dehydrated skin, and use Vitamin C (not AB, but I use the Timeless C+E+Ferulic) along with both BHA and AHA. 

FWIW, my primary issue was not acne, but closed comedones. I had decent results when alternating AHA and BHA on separate days, but I really started seeing results when I started stacking the two. Three days a week, I apply BHA, wait 15-20 minutes, then apply AHA and wait another 15-20 minutes before carrying on with my routine. 

I use Vit C to help with my tendency towards PIH. I'm in my mid-30's now and used to tan a lot when younger, so I love the Vit C for collagen stimulation as well as helping with fading sun damage and PIH. 

I alternate my BHA/AHA days with Vit C days. As in, I do Vit C on M/W/F and BHA/AHA on Tu/Th/Sa. Sundays are my 'no actives' days where I pamper a bit with some jelly masks. "
"They are probably not going to hire him if it makes you feel any better. They are likely going to hire Koetter, their OC. "
This question is so dependent on sensationalized caricatures of terms that I can’t even begin to respond…
"Is that different for a Vi? A Vi has no escape bc she'll be Qing into the laner. Nid still has her cougar w and w reset to jump twice away from danger. If anything, Nidalee is safer than most junglers who don't even have an escape "
"Honestly your ASCII font, albeit square, is quite readable compared to most (for me, anyway). Part of the reason is that GG uses a small tile size, and 8x8 fonts are still fairly because they're small enough that the lack of kerning doesn't become a serious problem. I'd say the traditional serifed ones, as you have here, are even pretty cool-looking at that size. I once decided that if I were ever to make a roguelike that insisted on being a consistent tile size across the entire terminal, I'd want it to be 8x8 :)

And that's a heck of a lot of work you're doing on your font, there. Does look quite unfinished and not very readable, but by the time it's done should be interesting, and you'll get proper kerning out of the deal :P"
"Well the nightfall is quite interesting so I made a little help video for you lovely warlocks out there I will be doing each individual class even with my 320 hunter. 

I have aloit of subscribers with that comes alot of hate but my videos are intended to help people out.

this week i've brought you a nightfall tutorial video. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xL5r4czyv_Q

Also your free to subscribe but not forced to subscribe ( I don't beg ) :) Peace!"
Make you sure you keep your spine in a neutral position instead of arching your back
"Mildly amusing, but who funds these groups? There isn't a church in America that doesn't financially support *some* sort of evangelical proselytizing under the guise of ""mission work"". Can you honestly say that every single dollar goes to a respectable charity?"
"Full homo, man"
What was your mmr 20 years ago?
"Rape can still happen in a consensual relationship. "
Let's chat.
**Seeking:** Light Faerie Collectors Orb [NC Item]
An MS boost similar to Windfury would be better IMO.
Oblugitory r/floridaman
"I noticed this and didn't think anything of it at the time.

I don't think there would be any meaning to it but interesting spot!"
"If you get 10 kills within 3 rounds you will be accused of walling. Someone accusing you of hacking doesnt matter unless you're actually hacking. It's just making them mad, so it's even easier to rape them."
"That's not correct. At all. 

Some plants are resistant to round up, so you can spray a field and kill all the weeds but the crop is fine. 

I mean some plants produce an insecticide the essentially stops insect digestion but it doesn't hurt us. Sort of like how an antibiotic doesn't  work on a virus, the systems are just too different. 

Interestingly, the insecticide they produce is isolated from a bacteria, and in organic farming they use the same bacteria! They just spray it directly onto the crops. "
"Inglorious Bastards, Schindler's List, Twelve Years a Slave, Blood Diamond, various popular money earning movies about topics that are ""based on history"" and not all that controversial at all. Noone really cares about these topics."
[deleted]
[I know it's pretty universally rude and uncalled for!](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lu4fjyK84F1qfl8qto1_500.png)
"I know it was the Guarani, but by far the craziest people about mate are the botijas. It's like the Chinese and the Italian with pasta. "
What he lacks in dribbling and speed he makes up for in strength and great positioning in a 4-1-2-1-2
"Hi. I play DW frost DK. My iLvl is 690 atm and i do around 31k dps. I use NP talent. I feel kinda weak comparing to other clases. What is the state of frost dk atm and is unholy better in raids as dps spec? Waiting for KM proc is just boring and I feel like there is not much I can do about it.

edit:
[Armory](http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/character/stormscale/nikicich/simple)
ofhand is pvp, i have 660 sword for pve there."
"Congrats on your 10 weeks! 10 years here. It keeps getting better. "
"I have far more recollection than when I woke up but also I can't come when I'm drunk. She verified that for me. "
"Lol nice one

Tryin to make a change "
"Awesome stuff man, those stockings [](/holybatman)"
tnx i made it myself
"At least I got an early beta, so I got all the tears out Monday"
[removed]
I had to wait a table on a couple that was border-line domestic dispute over there appetizers
"XB1 community is great as well. Lots of people using mics and people not typically staying in party chat. I think the game has been very worth the $60, and people complaining about it are simply looking for something to complain about. "
"Thanks for the info!

Should I feel bad for rats now?  Because I still freaking hate them."
"Whilst I do have a fair mane, I only have one set of legs."
"Interesting to see Duncan Weir at 10 and Finn Russell's at 12.

Mind you, Racing 92 are starting Dan Carter...
https://twitter.com/racing92/status/685436068112416768"
"myservice.xbox.com

Register your console first, then your controller. 

Then you can buy replacement parts. "
I cant seem to fix this mod to work with the current version of assetto corsa (referring to the reliant). can i have you upload your version of files for it assuming you already have it fixed?
"Except pretty much every piece of evidence we have supports the idea that there's nearly no deterrent effect at all. "
"I said the USA has a unique obesity problem, not that obesity is unique to America. With all due respect, you fundamentally mixed up my words."
"Wow, that's way off. I'd place you at lawful neutral, if anything. You usually post positive statements rather than normative, and seem like an ordinary western person in favor of order, systems, and stability.

Which of course, makes you a diabolical heel in the eyes of the sans culotte rabble."
Who is this Alien Sandar...
"Hi. Sorry that this user confused you but this is allowed :) I reflaired it as a giveaway "
"Well tell them that they are very expensive rims and to be careful with them and take pics before they do it "
"We started biking at 7 got home about noon. Did 47 miles.  Was 29 degrees when we started. "
Thanks! That's exactly it!
"I feel that way a lot. Everything goes well then *bam*, it all goes bad. Really, as cheesy as it sounds, I just try and think positive, about more good than bad to stop me feeling bad. Or I binge watch TV series haha. "
"Ah, didn't know that xD my bad, and I'll have to think about your offer, I already have a regular Victini, not really looking for another. But I will think about it. :)"
"Got some off the same sheet as you just the opposite corner, good shit"
"Not sure dude, he was such an exciting fighter. He should of got a third fight in the UFC, dumb decision to cut him."
"""Catholics cannot reverse the damage done by deliberately covering up their abuses and moving priests around to continue abusing for decades. That to me is much worse. "" - Well, that's exactly what the JW organization did...

"
"I think it's more so the fact that this gif of a 300+ lb woman downing bon bons is UPVOTED CONTENT. But we all know that if there was a looping gif of a fit guy doing pull ups on the front page, people would comment that he looked ""disgusting"" and is ""obsessed and addicted to excercise."""
"Any programs like MP3 Rocket or Popcorn Time installed?

Also check your DNS servers (under your network adapter's properties) to see if they've been overridden, and run TDSSKiller and Malwarebytes Anti Rootkit

"
"Some say the resolution is still not at its best, the game look ""less pretty"" on VR."
"Innocent until proven guilty, but I'm not a fan of political immunity either way (or diplomatic for that matter). You're supposed to represent the people. That should also mean you can be held just as accountable as any other citizen."
"Play Japan server, good ping and account is free to make."
I agree with him. Ryan's a pussy
This looks great!
That is gorgeous
"I hope he sees this. He won't, but I hope. "
Everyone has 0.50. You have $1. You are now the richest in a small community.
"It depends on the 2-4 gun safety policies. If one of those is an assault weapons ban, then absolutely not. If it includes opening NICS for private sellers with provisions to stop abuse, then potentially."
"Lol, I was going to say, ""what do you want to dip?  I like to dip my bread in fresh olive oil, or maybe some tarama, I dip my fries in tsantsiki, my fish in skordalia...."
"I too was shocked and dumbfounded when I moved from Milford (Clermont Cty) into Cincinnati. My water bill there ran about $30 a month, in a 2000sq ft house with a pool and hot tub. Mine now runs $200 every 3 months. This is for a single guy and a dog in a 2BR house and I only run the dishwasher once a week. 

I called and told them this can't be right, that my water usage was only $30 for 3 months but my sewer charge and fees was $170. I was told this was completely normal and to live with it. 

The only upside is that mine also includes trash collection which I was paying Rumpke $20 a month for in Milford, so in the grand scheme of things, this turns out to be about $50 more expensive over 3 months, which isn't that bad. It's just sticker shock when you first see the bill. "
[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/CrestcoAcademy/comments/4015uw/out_on_bail_fresh_out_of_jail_california_dreamin/) by /u/RylanTheWalrus in /r/CrestcoAcademy
"Only if they're ""able""

If someone wanted to make a loophole they could consider being banned by the government to make them ""not able"""
There are a few palastine families in my city. I know a few of them so I don't like the history of israel but i admire the history of jewish people.
"Yelle - Ce Jeu

Not my type of music but this is an exception because it's pretty darn catchy."
"Yes there's an update to the new website on the 15th. I thin what they're trying to do is get everything sold out which is why they're offering a free shirt if you bought something today or yesterday. After it gets sold out they're start rolling out new items. 

If you wait a few weeks or maybe even a month, they'll have new items in store and more of a variety. That's just what I think."
"People have had this issue in 8.1 as well.

I know I've submitted feedback though the app about it"
yeah pathetic excuse of a man
"&gt; If he doesn't have the means, there's no way a court would force child support on him.

Okay, but that's based on his income, not on the percentage of custody he has. 

However, you're 100% correct that it's the responsibility of BM for not pursuing legal protections for her child.  All too often I have seen parents avoid getting legal child support protections because they can currently take care of the financials for their family.  However, they fail to remember that the money isn't about them, it's about their child.  If they can afford the day-to-day expenses, that's great -- they can be putting the child support away for a rainy day (or for the child's college).  It's looking at what is easiest short term vs. what is best long-term."
[Imgur mirror](http://i.imgur.com/fLp639v.png) because that site is slow as hell
"I hate /r/NFL and football fans in general. "
"Quick! Everybody, forget about doing your homework!"
SC is no longer viable because of a nerf. Healing monk got a nerf as well. U6 is still strong. I heard Inna monk is probably going to be the big set in season 5
Yeah well it certainly is true in some areas of Iran but in the area where I come from (Khuzestan) it isn't that noticable but I to really don't like that anti-Saudi sentiment
Nolan? Screenwriting?! Hahahahaahhahahaahaha
"If you just want to do it quickly, then the others are correct that a spark chamber will accomplish that.  That said, the character bonuses that I have in 3.0 make leveling up extremely fast.  It took me forever to level up characters in previous versions, but having basically all of the available 3.0 characters when I started playing (plus all the 1.0 and 2.0 characters) gave me a crazy bonus.  I can typically get a character up to level 5 without doing much more than fighting villains and getting orange capsules in the Toy Box Hub for 10 minutes or so."
"IMHO all the jet posts really degrade the value of this sub.   Not sure I would ban them, but appeal to all to limit them."
+1000.¡Bravo asi se habla!.Compartido.
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
"So you're asking how you can get money from the time your videos weren't monetised, right?

I'm sorry but you can't, there is no money. If ads haven't been running on your videos then there was no money made; there's nothing for you to 'get back'. "
"Following on from this, technically I guess I was raped in my experience.  But would I report it?  No.

My girlfriend (16) at the time and I (18) were messing around (legal where I was), having oral sex.  She decided it would be a great idea to sit on my dick, with no warning.  I told her to stop, she told me to shut up and enjoy it, and I did.  And we continued having sex until we broke up months later.

Rainn.org defines rape as: ""Penetration, no matter how slight, of the vagina or anus with any body part or object, or oral penetration by a sex organ of another person, without the consent of the victim.""

Also by that definition, my wife and I rape each other all the time.  When we have sex, we just sort of go at it, there's no verbal 'yes'.  Don't think I'm alone in this.

Edit: obviously my second example is spurious. Please keep this in mind."
"So what is that wage level? Minimum wage? $10, $15 an hour? 

I agree with you I would be good paying more for produce as well or paying more for American made products vs. Chinese imports, but we are on the minority. Everyone wants to have their cake and eat it too."
"Yep.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrmCyADNhe0"
"Too dark, I think. One of my friends suggested an old parchment feel would be great."
[deleted]
"Yes! Most of the creams are what u mentioned, I'll try go to korea town in shinjuku, thanks!"
You apparently don't even know what a bhop is if all you think it is is spamming the spacebar.
"His subtle decent into madness and tears made me laugh untill i had a stomach cramp. "
I don't understand that sub
"If Xposed Framework Is Still On Your Phone You'll See


 app_process.bak in System/bin/

Like this 

&gt; http://i.imgur.com/F7P8iw7.jpg

It should just be swapped for the backup to fully remove it...
Otherwise it could be a patched play store and patched google services from old apps that is stopping updates for google services .. The new snapchat needs updated google services to work"
"it should have a list for people like kjhovey, triplewreck, gothalion, truevanguard, and alot of the elite shootists and streamers including many who frequent this sub to all be able to play together any time they want against each other and others can join the activity if they feel like gettin wrecked today or challenging the super great players.

then it should have another list for people who want to play for fun who can't no scope head shot and only get headshots with a scout rifle about 45% of all shots fired, which in the games i grew up with would have been usually considered way above average or exceptional shooting against other players, espeically with all the movement abilities destiny has to avoid shots with, just for normal players to have fun in and goof off without everything being so serious.

a few people on this reddit have told me to go to a certain playlist for a more relaxed fun experience, but like when they told me to go to skirmish, then a few days later there was a post hear telling people to use skirmish and elimination to practice trials of osiris, so now alot of the best players go there...  there was advice to stop playing so much clash and start playing control to learn how to get better at iron banner, there was advice to play rumble with your fireteam or to get bounties done...

everytime someone recommends a playlist to play for fun someone else shortly there after reccommends everyone exceptionally skilled on the reddit or insanely skilled like hovey to go play that game mode... lol"
"I'm aware this thread is long dead. But I'm having issues and hopefully I can get some help I tried your settings because after like 2 weeks my old settings 520 at 60w just wasn't working it was a little too harsh when originally it was fine I'm using the Ti coil as well. But I tried dropping to your settings and I'm not producing much vape ay all. I'm using s fruit e juice (Harley Quinn by Gorilla Vape) could my coil just be done at this point and I need to get a new one? "
Not really related to your gif but I really wonder if I'm the only one that is kinda annoyed by the fact that looking outside a window is so incredibly bright and looking inside makes everything so dark. I never saw a thread on here complaining about that but it kinda bothers me because I think the game would be better if they removed that and just made it normal looking.
LOL
"That's fair. I think it's possible to over-show in a trailer. "
"What is the deal with Wendy's? ALL I wanted for 3 days was a Wendy's cheeseburger and fries! I've eaten fast food maybe twice in the last 8 months or so, and I eat super healthy and don't eat certain foods to help control an autoimmune disease. Wendy's does not fall in the ""super healthy and only certain foods"" category. So my husband did ask me ""are you sure?"" But that's all he said. I ate my glorious wendy's, and it was the biggest meal i've been able to keep down in days. omnomnom

PS ""super healthy"" went out the window when morning sickness kicked in 3 days ago. My days consist of 
gluten free animal crackers

Gluten free oatmeal with brown sugar or fruit 

rice crispy cereal and almond milk with blueberries or bananas

potato chips

mashed potatoes

steak

and then throwing up because my face moisturizer smells like someone is gagging me with lavender. "
"    &gt;It's the 30th century
    &gt;The art of producing flash suppressors has been lost to time"
"my friend was walking over towards me from behind, and his lure went in my face, I tried to close my eyes but i think it might have got it stuck.  Luckily it didn't go past the barb but it was pretty close, my friend pulled it out but it took about 10 minutes

"
why would you change anything if everything is working great?
"
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------
-

-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------
-

-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------


-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------
-

-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------


-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------
-

-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------


-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------
-

-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

-
-----&gt;&gt;[Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens](http://www.mcmcse.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=105876)&lt;&lt;--------

"
"Cacahuate. It means ""peanut"" in Spanish. It's fun to say and makes a nice substitute for a curse word."
"Honestly I'd say it's a decision only you can make. Think of the ongoing costs too, am 800g is going to cost a lot to maintain, make sure that the cost and work doesn't ruin it for yourself "
"This would be awesome. Reminds me of Elite 2. [screenshot](http://static.gamesradar.com/images/mb//GamesRadar/us/Other/Features/Protect%20and%20serve/Bulk%20Viewers/PCZ185.upspec.4--screenshot_large.jpg)

(also found [this](http://s1289.photobucket.com/user/mobiused/media/ElitedangerousmobiusFE2_zpscb3cadbd.jpg.html), wtf lol)"
I watched it and it's a cool system for games where you play a mage or something else where it makes sense that you can teleport. I imagine it would be harder to suspend your disbelief if you're playing a WW2 shooter. :)
perhaps he want to built a protection suit from all the soft stuff for himself because it is running against furniture the whole time. Especially the butt needs to be more protected
Just get something like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgNzzA1t43k
"He also left out the state income tax. "
Do you buy dvds or what?
"[What teach-men-not-to-rape indoctrination such as this will do is normalize rape. It won’t normalize rape for men who aren’t compelled to rape in the first place. Nope. It’ll just shame them. But it will normalize rape for men who are rapists.](http://www.genderratic.net/?p=2830)

&gt; Instead of seeing themselves as damaged individuals who are engaging not just in harm to others, but harm to themselves, rapists—male ones at least—will see themselves as the guys who do what every other guy really wants to do, but doesn’t have the balls.

[Why Feminism is AWOL on Islam](http://www.city-journal.org/html/13_1_why_feminism.html)

&gt; Gender feminists are little interested in fine distinctions between radical Muslim men who slam commercial airliners into office buildings and soldiers who want to stop radical Muslim men from slamming commercial airliners into office buildings. They are both examples of generic male violence—and specifically, male violence against women. “Terrorism is on a continuum that starts with violence within the family, battery against women, violence against women in the society, all the way up to organized militaries that are supported by taxpayer money,” according to Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz, who teaches “The Sexuality of Terrorism” at California State University in Hayward. Violence is so intertwined with male sexuality that, she tells us, military pilots watch porn movies before they go out on sorties. The war in Afghanistan could not possibly offer a chance to liberate women from their oppressors, since it would simply expose women to yet another set of oppressors, in the gender feminists’ view. 

[From the New York Times, an article about how some European governments are debating whether or not it would be a good idea to mention to the young male migrants flooding into Europe that raping unbelieving kafir slags isn’t permitted. Or will saying that out loud boost the vote totals of the Real Enemy: immigration restrictionists?](http://www.unz.com/isteve/nyt-shhhhh-europe-has-a-muslim-rape-crisis-but-dont-let-the-evil-right-hear-about-it/)


"
"How do you feel about the new Last Shadow Puppets teaser stuff? I'm not impressed. "
Can't stop the Rock.
"Same - my skin reacted horribly to it, which was a shame because I loved the colour and formula."
Thanks - why do you say that?  The cost or just the relative simplicity of what I am trying to accomplish?
[deleted]
But does the APK work for you? I would be interested in this too if I got an Xperia.
"Sports hall of fame at winsport (I think) is trying to drum up reservations as a rental venue. "
"Even more expensive plastic!

Yay?"
"It's just my opinion, and this is reddit so.... Reasons."
"&gt; For now ADCs should consider buying a Steraks

you mean Zhonya. Rengar usually get 1-2 armor pene items if enemies start getting armor. And steraks on ADC won't save his butt from Rengar sick burst. At least with zhonya you can pray that your allies will kill him before stasis ends. "
"To add on to your point: in the book ""Lords of the Sith"" the Moff of the planet Ryloth is a lesbian, and once again, it's never made a big deal of in the story. "
"Your post has been automatically removed due to {{match}}  Please email the moderator if this was in error.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Landlord) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"about 30 years ago a friend of mine had one removed on her wrist, but they cut it out and stitched the skin back together.  this looks like a spa treatment by comparison."
That was amazing. Thank you for that.
"I agree with you, except I don't think just because a raid has guides online and all the content has been completed by someone makes it boring that quickly. 

What I have learned is that it is really a lot easier to stretch play time out if you focus on one character entirely. However, then you deal with the downsides to that. 

But all of this is why I really think Destiny 2 NEEDS a heavy focus on the PVP side of things. PVP is where a games replay ability really shines. I mean I still play BF4 because its a lot of fun. If Destiny somehow split weapon stats from PVE to PVP, I think we reduce a lot of issues. "
"I do know Japanese, but I mostly just use Yahoo! Auctions for old dōjinshi I can no longer find anywhere else. You're right /u/kameadam could possibly look on there, too."
Sounds like someone eating a salad
Bookmarked for tonight. Finally going to give in to my curiosity over SMG remake stages.
[Hearst Magazines now](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Esquire_(magazine)) if a publisher changes is a magazine still banned?
Any drugs that makes me sleepy makes me not want to eat for the simple fact that I cant eat and sleep simultaneously
"People saying Black Desert have either never played it, didn't read the OP, or are just simply mad/bad at ArcheAge.  I would also suggest Eve Online if you are looking for a social game with a player run economy; not much else out there that fits what you describe."
"As long as water is in the cup it won't melt.

You can actually stick a paper cup with water in it in a fire and use it to boil the water.  The only part of the cup that will burn is the part with no water touching it."
[removed]
Capybara probably
"&lt;Techno Chat&gt; 

You really aint having any luck with being a shadowrunner huh?

* Hydra"
Mark
"I had a teacher who was 6'4"", big hands, long fingers. You'll do fine with a normal full-size. Every player has to adapt their technique to their body."
"It made me actually cry.  Full on tears for what this campaign has managed to accomplish.  "
"Either ignister or scrap dragon, which ever you go into less often. Red Wyvern, herald of the arc light are also good candidates. I'd also replace arsenal with something better, unless you really find its been helping you. "
"The problem is that Disney makes sure you don't cut it off if you are a football fan by making sure all the major events/games are broadcast on ESPN instead of ABC.

If I weren't a football fan, I could easily see dumping them to save $8 a month."
should've started bashing her fucking head up and down
[removed]
Neat. I'll keep this mind because getting back on stage and recovering as R.O.B. can be a challenge at times.
"Rengar (my favorite champ) has super strong cheese before 6, and he has a pretty healthy clear. His ganks after 6 are pretty much guaranteed kills if you play it right, and mid to late game you can one shot squishies.

You can play him like dandy in s4(with a lot of jg pressure) or power farm to get 6 faster. Also don't worry about the nerfs he will still be strong just a bit harder to play. In terms of skill he has a pretty steady learning curve, but the difference between a rengar main and someone who plays him every so often is insanely noticeable.

Also nothing tilts adc's harder.

Come to /r/rengarmains if you want more info."
"I borrowed my uncle's vehicle and trailer to haul some yard waste off my property.  I underestimated how wet the ground was beneath the grass and ended up getting stuck.  Within a half-hour I had my father in law there with his 4wd pickup, attempting to pull us out.  However, before long, all 4 of his wheels were spinning and dug trenches he couldn't escape.  Fast forward an hour or so; my father in law gets his uncle to come over with his 4wd pickup.  We had all 3 vehicles chained to each other in a line.  I often joke that we should have filmed it as a commercial, because it was the story of a Ford truck pulling a Chevy truck and a Chrysler minivan out of what appeared to be a normal grassy yard."
"Is money always best for family? What about spending more time with them. "
"Lorsque la guerre d'indépendance victorieuse représente la seule légitimité du pouvoir, celui-ci va presser le citron jusqu'au bout, au besoin en réinventant un néocolonialisme imaginaire (en mode Zanu-PF avec Mugabe par exemple). Le FLN pour sa part continue d'agiter le passif d'un régime colonial disparu il y a un demi-siècle pour éviter d'avoir à s'expliquer sur sa gestion désastreuse des ressources du pays, ce qui est bien pratique pour s'en mettre plein les poches.

Il y a peut-être aussi l'amour bien connu des sociétés arabes du Mashrek pour les théories du complot (comme ce libanais qui m'assurait le mois dernier que Daesh devait ses succès sur le terrain au soutien d'un complot israélo-américain, wtf)."
Cake is a lie
"Thanks! I have posted this over there.

My wife and I have already planned on that being the case when we do have kids. She would be able to still be part time, if she wanted to be. But maybe she won't... so I think you're right in not counting that as a guarantee."
"&gt; I know it was just a lifeless cadaver to the doctor but FFS show it some respect.

If forensic scientists had to remember that each cadaver they examine was a human being, in this case a child with their whole life ahead of them, it would be intolerable - they would go mad or burn out.

Treating the bodies they examine as though they're complicated pieces of meat isn't callous - it's completely essential to maintaining their mental stability."
www.twitch.tv/milo2391 is one of the greatest places to go to learn about Gnash
"yup it was, you mainly played vs silvers 
"
Love that fuzz. :)
Probably that pouch at his hip? Looks like there's a pouch there.
"Incredible that Lallana's getting shit when he's been so much better than Firmino, but alas Firmino scored 2 recently and people have goldfish memories so it's all they remember"
So is hyperbole
"Life Drain imo should also restore mana to allied heroes when used on them at full HP I noticed it doesn't (or maybe I am wrong).

You think this would OP?"
"I would love to know as well, nice question. Don't know how many of the ""older"" fans come to /r/reddevils, though."
"Anyone got it in a HIGHER Res? 

^^^^^^^Good ^^^^^^^work. ^^^^^^^Low ^^^^^^^res ^^^^^^^sucks. "
"Ridiculously good? He put together a decent and a pretty good season for us, but nothing crazy. I struggle to call 8 sacks ""ridiculous"" for a pass rusher in the modern NFL. But that's not-picking, so let's give him that one season as ridiculously good.

What seasons did he play well for the Titans?

I'm not trying to say the guy *should* be gone. I'm not writing him off over an injury either. But he has only consistently produced in one season of his entire career."
"Sunni. (Mother was Hanafi and father was Shafii)

My parents are from Ethiopia. "
"OK, but it looked exactly as if you tried to persuade me to change my mind (to a stance I already hold)."
"I believe those are pylon monunts vs hardpoints. The Delta Pods are designed a bit diferently. They mount to hardpoints. I will try tonight to put them on another ship to see if they can be used on lets say a hornet. "
"I moved to San Diego after college and stayed six years. When I decided I wanted to settle down, buy a house, give my boys roots, etc... I moved back to central Kentucky. Dumb, dumb, dumb."
"True, but OP said a pair as if there are two conductors for data transmission.  You wouldn't say shielded Cat 6 has 4.5 pairs.  So, in the interest of pedantry, I revise my statement to say coax has 1 conductor *used for the transmission of data*, not a pair."
"That's a testament to what a joke the Democratic Party is. He was a mayor of a small city in Vermont and accomplished nothing of significance in his time in the House and Senate after decades "
"I guess if you get close to 100% Block without the 20% of Blood Brother, it should be worth it bigtime.  
60% damage reduction compared to 30% damage reduction is the aequivalent of having an additional  ~43% damage reduction after all.  
Block you can get:  
16% Justice Lantern  
30% Hold your Ground  
21%-31% Shield with 11% Block Roll  
15% Punish  
= 82%-92% depending on shield block

We need to take into account that we get less damage reduction by Justice lantern though and also don't block 100% anymore.

Assuming a perfect setup including Justice lantern with 55%:  
Damage taken with Blood Brother vs blockable attacks: 0,7 * 0,45 = **0,315**  
Damage taken with Blood Brother vs non-blockable attacks: **0,45**  
Damage taken with Covens Criterion vs blockable attacks: (0,92 * 0,4 + 0,08) * (1 - (0,92 * 0,55)) = **0,2213**  
Damage taken with Covens Criterion vs non-blockable attacks: 1 - (0,92 * 0,55) = **0,494**  

**TL;DR  
-&gt; from blockable attacks, you take 29,7% less damage with Covens  
-&gt; from non blockable attacks, you take 9,8% more damage with Covens**

Edit: didn't take into account that you don't block 100% anymore, need to adjust some numbers  
Edit2: Numbers changed, not so great as first thought after all.  
Edit3: formatting  
Edit4: realized the max possible block with Covens is 92% and not 91%. Numbers adjusted accordingly."
"That is showing the last 30 days and my billing cycle ends in 2 days so that is literally how much it's used just on this cycle.  Verizon shows my second biggest data usage was on ""cloud services"" so I think you might be correct on that one.
[Image](http://i.imgur.com/igaUfB3.png)"
"I think they have kinda strange set of weapons for regular matches. Too weak, even for pistons.

And four planes, with different colours..."
"Wait, really? Where and when? That makes me sad. I always liked the fbsd devs."
"there's no meaningful hard cap or whatever due to the rng aspect of akarats awakening and relatively short duration of iron skin (which is our biggest mitigation as well as +damage steroid).

also, be sure to run gogok of swiftness if you're having trouble, it's a very strong gem (AS and CDR are our best stats) and it stacks on thorns damage so it's basically 100% uptime in a grift.

for helpful tactics, anything that lets you pull as much low damage trash as possible is good. their autoattacks help reset cds on ironskin and akarats champ, and very often one extra cast of these spells is the difference between a quick kill and 1 or more deaths."
"You're using reasonable in the legal sense, I'm using it in the ""action that leads to the desired outcome"" sense. Which in this case is getting the guy off your property without shooting him."
Hello and welcome!  First babies are so exciting!  My 2nd is an April baby.
"Good, *good*. Let the hate flow through you...

No but really, this whole thread should be filled with negative opinions"
"I like the Urgent High Priority ""we are out of paper at printer 204"". 

I respond ""I'll bring back some when I get the time""

meanwhile all 50 able bodied people back there just complain instead of doing something. There's maybe 5 people that will take the initiative to solve their own issues in my office. Those are the people that I drop what I'm doing to help when they need it. "
Or a lower cliff.
"Step 1 put plastic tray on dashboard
Step 2 forget to take tray off dashboard before driving
Step 3 go 65+mph on highway
Step 4 get in crash, have plastic tray hit you in neck at 65 mph
Step 5 sue random guy on reddit cause he told me to do it
Step 6 probably not profit"
How do people still not understand the difference between first and third party punishment?
[deleted]
"Both do, I remember in the AE in a backstage segment Matt Hardy was pissed at Jeff for not climbing out with him and instead jumping on the dudleys"
"Nah, huniepop is creepy and gross. This is more ""I couldn't find a girlfriend if I was a male student at an all female college"" territory. You go ahead and get it, though, somebody needs to be paying tecmo koei."
I assumed because of spoilers for the new season (if you don't want to know anything about new contestants).  But I was nervous clicking it at work just in case it was nudity or something.
Very nice. :)
[removed]
"This should be fun:

Growing up Southern Baptist I thought my Catholic relatives were going to hell because they weren't ""true christians"".

I would be extremely bothered by my ""lustful thoughts"" and masturbation. So much so that I had extreme anxiety and depression that led to me cutting myself often as a way to punish myself since I couldn't shake off the guilt and shame.

I used to think abstinence was great and was the only real option for a true Christian. Also, if you had premarital sex you were a terrible, misguided person.

I used to think homosexuality was some terrible thing instead of a natural occurrence.

I used to think abortion was baby murder.

I used to think that that the theory of evolution was false and that the bible was literally true. Later when my family became nondenominational, I altered this view believing that micro evolution was a thing but macro evolution was not. Also, maybe the earth wasn't created in a literal 6 days, but the global flood totally happened. (I was still extremely misinformed of course)

I believed that god could heal people through prayers even though I never saw it happen. 

I believed people could speak in tongues and prophesy things.

Early on I was believed that secular music was ""of the devil"" and thus didn't listen to good music until high school. My parents were also opposed to Pokemon (evolution), Harry Potter (witchcraft), and dungeons and dragons (summoning demons?) but I never got on board with those at least.


Needless to say, I cannot overstate how glad I am to be able to think rationally now! I'll add more if I think of anything else.

"
"I'm ecstatic that they're using almond milk and not soy! I don't eat soy (yes I know it's in everything, but I'm talking about tofu and soy milk) for ethical reasons so I'm glad I get this!

Edit: Why am I getting down voted? My comment contributes to the discussion. Down votes are not for disagreement!"
"Ok, thanks for the reassurement!  I'm having fun with this and it's going fast, so even if it doesn't turn out perfect, I'm ok with that.

Should I block and starch the same way that my wife does with her crochet doilies?"
"i'll pass this along to the team. please  let me know the other players who name is misspelled "
"I had that happen to me completely as an error on the part of the DMV, but since I identified as a man back then, I just left it there for about a year. Then when I went back to get it changed, it was actually a quick and simple process since my birth certificate is female."
"And the fucking Lincoln question, ugh"
My kik is out1under2
I'm just not that autistic that it's worth making a hassle over.
Uhhh...that's scary!
"&gt; •Deutschland ist durch die Außen- und Wirtschaftspolitik (Waffenlieferungen, Kriegsunterstützung, sklavenähnliche Gehälter in Niedriglohnländern) mindestens indirekt mitschuldig an der Situation in den Herkunftsländern.

Also moralisch Verpflichtet? Dann bin ich wieder bei dem Punkt, ob das nicht die falsche Hilfe ist?

&gt; •Deutschland ist eines der reichsten Länder der Welt und kann die Flüchtlinge locker finanzieren.

Kurzfristig garantiert, langfristig sehe ich da große Probleme mit unserem Sozialsystem. Die Lage wird ja nicht besser.

&gt; •Bezogen auf 80 Mio. Einwohner haben wir bisher nicht mal 2% aufgenommen

Das ist ja auch erst der Anfang, nächstes Jahr haben wir schon die doppelte Anzahl (wenn die Zahlen so bleiben und nicht weiter steigen wie einige Prognosen zeigen). Familiennachzug gar nicht mit einberechnet.

&gt; •Ohne Deutschlands großzügiges Handeln wäre auf dem Balkan und in Griechenland das Chaos und unter den Flüchtlingen eine humanitäre Katastrophe ausgebrochen.

Das kann sein ja, aber so haben wir das Problem nur verschoben und eventuell wird es dadurch auch noch viel schlimmer.

&gt; Das mit der Demographie würde ich jetzt gar nicht mal aufnehmen. Wer so argumentiert, vermischt Flucht mit ""herkömmlicher"" Migration und dann wird's vollends unübersichtlich.

Aber da wird doch gerade ziemlich vermischt. Deswegen bin ich auch für ein richtiges Einwanderungsgesetz. "
"Ooooooh... SupermansOlderBro, I thought it was SupermanSolderBro..."
"Thank you for your submission! Unfortunately, it has been removed for the following reason(s):


* **Duplicate Post**



---

If you feel this action was taken in error, would like better clarification or need further assistance, please [message the mods](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FEliteDangerous&amp;subject=Mod%20Action%20Followup&amp;message=Regarding [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/41zo2g/looks_like_fd_got_more_that_pluto_texturerender/%29:%0D%0D) (do not reply to this comment). Please remember to check the [rules](/r/EliteDangerous/w/rules) page before doing so. Thank you!"
"Yeah. Should have read a little closer. Honestly though, I'd only buy engrams from him if you have nothing else to spend marks on and are pushing the max limit.

He can only roll Vanguard stuff as far as I know. Faction weapons and armor can only be obtained either directly from the Faction or within their Rank-up packs.

Once I push my mark limit a may roll class items to attempt to get more artifacts (they seem to have the highest chance for turning into artifacts for me)."
"Nope, not something I can live with but I also don't think you just walk away after 5 years from someone you're still in love with. I want to at least try to work it out and for him to know that he has my support with whatever shit is going on in his head. "
Flawless logic
"This guy up here. China glass is still glass that'll still do the job

I bought a china glass recycler, fell in love with recyclers, and worked my way up to better American glass rigs via selling and saving to buy newer nicer ones. "
"
*  Panasonic G7 
* 14-42mm lens 
* Zoom H1"
"The joke was sexist honestly. But I do think it's interesting that it calls Caitlyn Jenner a ""transgender trailblazer"" like other people haven't been transitioning for 40 years."
Both -high and -threads are old commands temporarily used for a bug that has been patched. You should not use them as it can make your system unstable.
"You could be right, but I see he played 31 games with the Rockford Icehogs (evidently can't link atm, but you can see him on their stats page) anyway. I believe they're Chicago's associate; I know he tried out for the Hawks."
"I have been a warlock from day 1 of Destiny release. I play mostly voidwalker and never liked stormcaller neutral game that much. This video made me give it another try. They have a great super, so if someone does well in the neutral game he will make Shaxx very happy."
Thanks &lt;3
Does the marijuana.com article post to a credible news source explaining this?  My work blocks marijuana.com.
"I think it's much more about the depth of the Souls games and the feeling of meaningful interaction they give, not necessarily the difficulty. Old games to me are MUCH harder than the Souls series, which I find to be very straightforward and intuitive."
[Her Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/greerlynn/)
The soldier can't stunlock though. you can still airstrafe out and away from explosive knockback while you couldn't from an airblast(and still can't from the first airblast).
"I would kill for your laptop. Especially that dope GPU in it. 

Laptops &gt; Desktops. Just wish they weren't so damn expensive."
"&gt;The NRA has long targeted Australia, using it in scare campaigned against gun control

TIL showing what happened much later is ""targeting""."
"All 6 shots at point blank is very situational. GL has no falloff damage so can do 400 without putting the demo at risk. Not to mention the faster firing speed than shotguns (so the DPM probably ends up being higher anyway). GL can also do much, much more in splash damage if you want to bring up technicalities."
"&gt;An accurate Translation would be, ""How many Yakubs will you kill? Each house will beget a Yakub"".

Granted, but there is no way you can interpret it as being anything but sympathizing to terrorists. Such slogans are typically used for martyrs and heros. It basically means, the more you oppress us, the more heros will arise to fight back.

&gt; It is a cropped photo with the aforesaid caption and proclaims to be from ASA, University of Hyderabad.

This is the photo from which the placard seems to have been cropped.

http://imgur.com/PGVjFy6

There are blog posts taking up this issue as far back as August 4, much before any of this happened. Still, I agree that the authenticity of the image needs to be verified."
I usually put it in a pot and give it super fast boil when that happens to me!
"I thought dogs were supposed to be exclusive carnivores....? God, this lady's dog was probably malnourished from forcing it onto  stupid vegan diet."
Mogilevka was the one I always noticed.  It wasn't the absence of loot that got me.  It was the fact that there was no furniture or decorations or anything inside that always intrigued me.
"Yeah, they got nerfed hard. I remember my friend was lvl 207 and could still do it.

proof: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkDSAheww0w"
"Yeah, shame on you for thinking that someone belonging to a sexist, racist, xenophobic organization would be a white male."
"There are a ton of well-reviewed models on Amazon, [this one](http://smile.amazon.com/Esky-EC135-05-Waterproof-Definition-Infrared/dp/B005Q65ZIK/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1453390595&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=backup+camera) being the best seller in the category.  The pictures look ok to me.

Whether it is ""worth it"" is completely subjective, of course."
"I haven't had sex in three years.  Though classically I have never had a problem with this, the next woman to take a chance on me is going to be unfairly disappointed.  
  
  Helloooo, ladies."
"Lol, yeah, and those characters weren't even anything like chip. Not at all. "
Translation for someone who doesn't read moon runes?
"No. You're already spending so many cards on the reanimate package, and modern doesn't have enough cheap rituals. 

Tin fins is basically what you're looking for, and it is basically impossible in modern"
"I'm an Atheist and a republican, the song is bullshit. It's just about our unelected head of state, it doesn't relay our country's actual achievements at all. If it was something a bit less shit I might sing it."
Hi my name is Ebony Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way and I have ebony black hair (that's how I got my name) with purple streaks and red tips that reaches my mid-back and icy blue eyes like limpid tears and a lot of people tell me I look like Amy Lee (AN: if u don't know who she is get da hell out of here!).
"I think Emma will have a longer stay in NXT then Bayley right now, so maybe her and Asuka will lead it? "
"bovada has a 50% up to $250 bonus (i think you have to spend like 3x to unlock it but you can wager it all on something like tennis with Djokovic and unlock it easily), pm me if you want it i can send you a referal link"
Id est:  PICS OR IT DIDN'T HAPPEN
"have an alt run you stamina pots

ps: I imagine you would have more xp/h if you had 99 agility and possibly 99 mining."
"I would suspect that an A3 feels better on road than a Rav4

You can try to find something that will make the ride more comfortable, but I don't know if there are any that will help off road as well. The best thing you can do for that is find a comfortable setup that at least maintains your ground clearance, then get some meaty tires for off road. "
Your comment has been removed as per rule 4/5.
"Oh god yes. I've always been the listening ear for my friends and family, but the more preggo I get the less able I am to deal. I have to remind myself that just because all the things ache and I can't stay asleep for more than an hour doesn't mean other people don't have problems too."
Play calling is terrible right now. Not going to win if you aren't even trying to win.
"Colborne is terrible "
"I use billgrid for invoicing and Strip for the transactions.  https://www.billgrid.com

They're very affordable for a small startup and they have excellent customer service.  They're super easy to setup and get going.  I've been using them for over 2 years now and I love it!  
"
you just have to give him a warm hole to fill.
"oo so it doesn't shoot it, it is just coated?"
that bisexual people are greedy / won't be satisfied without multiple partners (otherwise of course they were straight / gay all along).
I meant fuck buddy.
"Oh okay, not cringing as hard."
"or proactive "
"Ok, thanks! Looks like I'll be trying it today :)"
What about the people dying there? 911 call responders being turned away. Is that a real thing?
"I can't believe Jar Jar killed Lando Calrissian.  To be fair, though... Lando shot first."
"jack dee will always be the best comic ever at the hammersmith apollo

his reading out audience texts bit was brilliant"
[deleted]
Skeptical that he even said it
"lol what? My bank only does password, limited to 15 characters."
Always loved seeing the process behind an art piece. Nice work! You really nailed her adorableness. :)
"BMWs come plenty stripped. Halogen headlights, no nav, and manual seats in a 320i. "
"It doesn't feel like ""power"" that (some) men will stick their dick in literally any wet hole that presents itself, no.

Especially when after doing so many of them will degrade the very women who choose to have sex with (see conversation re: girls who put out in the first date, or go to slut justice).

That is no power at all. "
"I love movies. I'm broke. I pirate. *But*, I'll buy any chance I get to build up my collection (book and movie hoarder here). But as for movies, I think people are just lazy and you're not producing anything worth going to theatre about. Last time I went to the movie theater was for Sinister 2 (which was disappointing), and all the other time it was for social reasons, not to watch the movie. "
"OKAY LADIES I WOULD HARDLY CALL YOUR LAB EXPERIENCE ""SCIENCE"""
"Well Bjergsen is NA Residant but he comes from EU, so technically it would be possible."
"&gt;We're not fighting the world, we're contributing to a coalition.

That's been my whole point all along. We don't have to have every capability because we are fighting alongside allies, we have the luxury of being able to buy the aircraft that is best for what it's going to actually be doing every day, yet still contribute in a meaningful way when the time comes.  

&gt;Does the world tremble at our small army or small navy?

No, I was obviously being sarcastic."
Good see what I mean?
FUCKING YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
So infuriating
Mother fucker
"To be fair, [Arrow was originally pitched to CW as a three-hander](http://www.buzzfeed.com/jarettwieselman/the-man-who-helped-build-the-cw) (Oliver-Tommy-Laurel) along the lines of Vampire Diaries, so you can't lay all the love triangle melodrama on Felicity's character. It was already built into the show's DNA. Just imagine, in another universe Arrow would be on its 4th season of Oliver-Tommy-Laurel will-they-won't-they."
[removed]
"Translation: there's two sides to the story when it's black on white. If this was white on black, there's only one side"
Please provide a spore print a picture not taken in the dark. If you want to find active mushrooms please  do some research starting with the links in the sidebar and buying a guidebook for your area.
[deleted]
South Florida
"Looked up the first part, found nothing substantial. "
Right?
"If you don't mind me asking how did you end up finding out about the cancer? "
"Oh...about that...these are my preemptive ""sorry we beat you guys"" present."
yeah but 10000 comment threads are a shitshow anyways.  no guarantee anyone sees this
"&gt;Realize the world doesn't revolve around you.

Exactly.  Now get in line and play the way **I** want."
-shitty-
"Na, that was my defensive set up, for defensive i acually go for Rulk + P5 Emma, agent with the venom launcher, fatal blow + weak mind and mental anguish = 1 hko"
Hollow earth.  Sandy hook didn't happen.
"The guy above you has been on the list for two years and he is also in the 7000s. Something doesn't add up. "
"[Rules of professional conduct](http://www.courts.mo.gov/page.jsp?id=707). A potential employer would easily fall under the purview of ""client"" or potential client in my reading."
I'd always say that he's happy to see me.
"I wish people would read what is posted and actually think for a minute.  Does your husband know that you have an IUD or did you get it secretly?

The whole point was that the woman in question went on the pill and HID IT AND LIED ABOUT IT.  Why?

I can think of only two reasons to lie about being on birth control  - 1) you are having sex that you don't want someone to know about (parents or SO who can't get you pregnant)

2) SO wants a kid and you don't so you pretend to have unprotected sex while secretly taking the pill (or whatever).

If you can think of another reason that entails not cheating (or being a jerk) to LIE about being on birth control, then I'm happy to hear it."
"[No forma Dread build](http://warframe-builder.com/Primary_Weapons/Builder/Dread/t_30_22000000_128-5-3-132-1-5-137-0-10-140-3-5-141-4-5-159-2-5-405-6-5_137-7-132-8-159-9-140-9-141-11-128-7-405-9-f-f/en/2-0-26). If you don't have Vile Acceleration, Speed Trigger works just fine."
"Man that sucks, sorry to all the supporters in Atlanta :(

They waited way to long to spring that shit, very bad form indeed, not cool!"
Looks like someone pulled the fire alarm!
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
"Hey Chris, 

Thanks for doing the AMA. Multi part question if you would please sir. 

What motivating factor(s) makes a person want to *join* the Church of Scientology? What motivating factor(s) makes a person  want to *lead* in the Church?  How are the two roles separated inside the Church, in terms of joining, becoming incorporated into the church etc.?"
I feel like the market overlap of people that like One Direction and people that can buy a new Honda is pretty small.
"IMO survivor 2299 was far more dramatic than the way Bethesda announced Fallout 4. "
[deleted]
"What is this shit? Why would you imprison a bunch of bear cubs? "
[deleted]
"What worries me about this is I enjoyed crimsons... Not sure if I'm getting a work bonus from last quarter. If I don't I'm not sure how I'll afford those formerly free cards. "
BOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
"You're literally arguing that toddlers shooting themselves isn't a preventable situation. You're a pathetic sack of shit.

I'm not afraid of guns. I'm afraid of morons who think ""Well you can't put the gun away safely when the child is around because something bad could happen!"" yet another child is dead because of fear and negligence, but you don't give a fuck about that. You just want to pretend YOU'RE the victim because people want to discuss these kinds of events. 

Truly pathetic."
agreed
That block. God damn.
Can a batsmen be out hit wicket at the non strikers end?
"I'll keep that in mind for the next time, thanks for the advice."
[deleted]
INTERCEPTION!!! FUCK YES!! DO SOMETHING WITH IT COKER!! SEVEN POINTS OR FUCK YOU!
Had this exact thought during the game
LITTLERAZZLE DAZZLE
Who can get that .gif?!?
"Nope. Because Toby wants us to chase our tails for all time, high on references and Temmie Flakes."
"I read once that if you move in with a significant other for an extended period of time, the government considers you automatically husband and wife eventually for tax purposes. I guess it's hard to avoid."
"They don't care and they honestly probably won't ever care. To the people in accounting and those at the top, they will always see every single download as being missed $$$. "
"Of course. 

http://www.powells.com/book/blind-mans-bluff-the-untold-story-of-american-submarine-espionage-9781891620089

Sherry Sontag is one of the authors. 
"
Got code patch?
"Yeah, I know that."
"Friendly, fast payment and look forward to dealing with again! :) "
"*He smiles and grabs the woman's hand, putting a ten dollar bill in it*

Get yourself something nice. Dont spend it all in one place! *He pats her on the back* Thank you. *He says, much more softly*"
Aw man don't frorget Dj Abilities!
"""At last we will reveal ourselves to the jedi. At last we will have our revenge."" "
"ah, so it has. curious."
I love that the commentator had to stop jerking off DeShaun Watson long enough to mention that he'd just been intercepted.
I think MW2 was the funnest CoD to date.
[deleted]
"Xavier doing his impression of /r/squaredcircle after RAW each week. "
"If I won the powerball, I would found a company to directly compete.  They are missing blatantly obvious advertising opportunities, and easy to implement, high efficacy features."
"""With the Wizards unraveling before our eyes""

Well damn Buck"
"The effect works, but they don't take advantage of it. You can use it for other things though. Here's a spell that any aspiring mage should have in their spellbook if they're going to be wandering Vvardenfell:


|

Racer's Bane. Levitate 1pt for 1sec on target. Watch those screeching bastards plummet from the sky. Probably works on Netches too, but I don't see why you'd ever need to ground them."
Mr popo
"That's where I lost it too. "
So your suggesting we vote on them?
"what network is that? "
It's available on the Underworld soundtrack
"Oh boy Scheana, already talking about vow renewal? "
Any way of access to benzodiazepines or antipsychotics?
"pretty much sums it up
http://cdn.meme.am/instances/400x/60075978.jpg"
Who's the cute g4 guy
"Rust

*Question: Ross of Hat Films used to like telling people to eat what?*

Answer: ""Eat Shit"""
Holy fuck that right shoulder and veins
"Fast food etc. "
"15 years with no interference,  knock in wood "
"I like it "
[deleted]
Edwards is a competent director. Trevorrow is... not.
"FIFA officials: No if 2 teams (USWNT &amp; Barcelona) win it all, people will think we're corrupted. Give it to the 3rd division Brazilian soccer dude, No corruption leave u Americans!"
"I haven't seen it, I don't think I could take it. I thought I was a heartless bitch until one day out of no where I'm reading about Free Willy's death and I start fucking involuntarily tearing up! It was like the first time that ever happened to me! It convinced me I was heartless after all."
"I don't even know what voids is meant to look like. I'm telling you that the character standing on the right is Zezima. You are the one who said the right hand character is OP, even though you're now saying it's Zezima, so don't downvote me because you didn't make complete sense."
"Makes me feel old. I have a [Casio fx-115](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4e/Casio-fx115_Solar-Taschenrechner.jpg) that I bought in college before you were born, and that I still use occasionally."
"Paypal email is jdscale@gmail.com
I'll send the codes once I receive the funds
"
"Picking a tubular lock is considerable easier because you can see all the pin stacks at once. But for most of them, you have to pick them two or three time. So I'd say they're on par who a cheap lock cylinder. If not a little less. "
"Why is this guy being downvoted? I finished my MBA at a top 25 school, and he is completely correct. 3/4 of my class couldn't care less about what they were learning. FYI, I wasn't one of them, but it infuriated me how this was common nature in an MBA program. 

I will say this as well. This is merely an observation more than a study backed by data, but I think an MBA is a free walk. If you compare it to something like a PhD or a master's in an engineering discipline, it's not the same animal. It's nearly impossible to fail out of an MBA program unless you REALLY try, so there are plenty of people out here who game the system. "
"The watch, man. THE WATCH, holy crap."
"You could always install the main door as a standard alarmed emergency exit door, with the goal of escaping be to find the key that turns off the alarm to the door. If it goes off, you lose. "
Lethal Weapon 1 and 2
Trombone
"You're very welcome, pleasure doing business with you, I hope she serves you well in the 'Verse!"
"Fuck, this is the Charlie Chaplin debacle all over again."
"Obviously those should be taken seriously and we should make greater efforts to educate incoming refugees about consent, but sexual assault is not a new problem in those countries and refugees are not the only perpetrators."
"""This Love"" - Pantera"
"I modernized my first ship. Only the strong survive. "
I don't mind switching a disk every 15-20 hours of gameplay for FFIX.
"Kek "
Read the book
"Yep. I asked the same thing. I took back a $100 dog bed and several toys. That's why I pay more for PetCo toys, because I know he'll end up chewing them up. Just keep your receipt. "
"Honestly you're an incredibly sexy woman. Don't take things men who have probably only slept with two girls in their lives to heart. And if they actually wouldn't ""smash"" then fuck em you don't need that kind of negativity. They can go happily wank themselves silly. "
That doesn't mean rosters change every week. They usually change when a new season or split starts. It just so happened this pre-season that there were many changes to many rosters.
AHH! I never bought the GC which is why it never counted. Stone of Sight is the 3rd which you can buy from the store.
"After learning about the victim, I agree!"
[Natsukage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtvJk1yr4Tk&amp;index=23&amp;list=PL8635937864BD55A7) from [Air](https://vndb.org/v36) gets me every time.
"+verify 

Great buyer, fast payment. 10/10 would sell to again."
"Finn felt like a comic relief character to me. He had his serious moments, but he was bringing in laughs most of the time."
"That's what I told myself three years ago, but I'm still here. Pretty soon I won't be 22 anymore. 

The depression I have is chronic and will probably exist all of my life. I don't put it on other people, but it's

I mean, it's there. Whether I like it or not."
"Rome, no doubt."
"Just last week, I *finally* healed fully from cutting about halfway down my left pinky finger with a sharp knife as I attempted to separate some bread. That's my sixth scar."
As if the Prequels weren't bad enough...
"&gt; But for some reason aren't tag team champions as a result

What? it wasnt a title match"
"He is a billionaire because he inherited millions and if you don't put them into your cellar it gets more and more except you are doing something really stupid.

http://www.vox.com/2015/9/2/9248963/donald-trump-index-fund

This article explains it pretty well. He is not a billionair because he is skilled.

You don't make big money ot of small money but out of ideas and visions, something Trump never managed to do."
his compression shorts ripped at the waistband into a Nike Vapor Pro™ Thong
"Yes, I'm giving you permission to walk away from this horrible, horrible job. And you know what? For a case like this, I'd tell you it's ok to submit an ""effectively immediately"" resignation. 

Providing two week's notice is a courtesy that bullies who make people cry are not entitled to receive. 

Leaving without something lined up is rash, yes, but in this case, it's the right thing to do. It sounds like you and your husband are more than capable to weathering a short period of unemployment. I encourage you to take care of yourself by quitting right away.

Good luck"
[deleted]
[deleted]
"What do you do to combat AoE heavy decks?
"
Raspberry Jelly Donut 3mg sounds yummy. Thanks!
"K I redid the measurements "
Toothbrush
That ANY career politician gives one single fuck about you.
"What happened to Lala's ""I'm a girls girl"" "
"I'll admit, I was tempted to enter but didn't have enough free time to sit down and put my full attention on it so I decided to pass on it. Maybe next time."
"Then if they wanna use NMZ to grind for ranged exp they need to sacrafice arrows or use crystal. You arent creating dead content, it'll still be useful for people who want to afk range train or play NMZ for how it was intended, its just a cheaper more afkable method of range training.

If people are going to grind for exp anyway, thats the tradeoff.

Wait, what are you even saying? You are literally saying people will do something anyway, but its dead content? If people are doing it, it  isnt dead content."
"There is something really wrong. rayljack  has normal drop but an insane muzzle velocity so you should not feel any. How ever what you described sounds like silencer being equipped. Make sure it is not , and if it is not write a bug report. "
"I have no problems hitting double blacks and tree runs. I'm fairly beginner in the park (mostly just boxes and small/medium jumps).

I'm staying at the Hibernation house right at the mountain. 

I do have low light goggles! Thanks for the heads up on that!"
"The way to phrase it would be to say you liked his natural colour better. My ex used to dye his hair all the time and I liked it half the time and hated it the other half, but I kept saying ""hey you should let your natural color grow in, it's so pretty and I'd love to see it"" and he eventually did. He was convinced it was ""dishwater blonde"" and I said it was sandy blonde and a beautiful colour. 

You just have to phrase things like that with people in a positive light. "
"IT’S HAPPENING!!! Rand Paul, thank you for taking the time to enter a forum with potential voters. It certainly helps us to feel like our concerns are being listened to and that we may actually have a chance of being represented.

It should be obvious to you, but I want to make it clear, that many of the people here are quite tired of politics and what normally comes with it. AVOIDANCE of questions/details being a large one. You would do yourself a great service and to this community to address what might be more difficult questions and to answer any questions you respond to honestly *and* in detail. Reddit users can get quite ornery when they believe they are simply being played with. Anyway…

QUESTION: Which one of your political views do you believe catches the most flak *from the general public*, but doesn’t deserve the amount of criticism it has received? Why?

[EDIT] Thanks again, Rand. Please feel free to come back and answer any questions you didn't have the time to address. Good Luck in Iowa!
"
"So if people aren't allowed to kill lions then the lions might die?

How is that a rational argument for hunting?"
And it might make me a better person.
"Guys, the odds of u getting the prize is smaller than pulling a legend during sugo"
Define necessary death
"Mira, la idea era justamente irme en un año cuando termine el contrato, ya que sino el precio se me iba por las nubes, pero la realidad absoluta es que estaba tranquilo que tenia un año entero para poder juntar la plata que me requiere alquilar algo de cero. 

Ahora mismo estoy en la lona si tengo que conseguir 20 lucas de la nada para alquilar algo nuevo.

Me importa mucho que no le sea posible obligarme a irme. "
"Seems like an idea whose time has come. And gone. 

Went to [this](http://www.edisondowntown.com/main.htm) so-called steampunk club in L.A. a couple of times. Thought it was incredibly cool."
"Do they make ""I'm keeping my baby the hell away from your creepy pedo-enabling new husband"" cards?"
Basketball reference estimates number of possessions whereas NBA.com counts them.
Read the article and you'll see. ;=)
I must see 3 of these at once now!
"Your submission was removed because it looks like you're posting music without a correct title. 

The correct format is:      

**Artist Name - Song Name [genre]** (optional year) Optional extra text    

Check your post now. Does it have spaces around the dash "" - "", and does it have the [genre]?    

Forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed.    

An example of a correct title:    

     Damu the Fudgemunk - Tea Thyme [instrumental hip-hop/funk] (2010)    
     


You will need to delete this post before submitting again (click on delete above).

---

**If you are not posting music, please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title:**

    {playlist} for music playlists
    {non-music audio} for audio submissions that are not music
    {non-music video} for video submissions that are not music

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Music) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Never heard of Fair to Midland, love it."
"As long as you go dbrand, and you do a good job applying the skin, you can be sure that it will not come off unless you want it to."
"You need the sim for OTA updates, but not for the pc suite updates"
"We're sorry, but your post is in violation of our rules. You must include a buyout in the post **body** of every thread posted [**exactly as specified in this thread**](http://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade/comments/2tdpzs/psa_there_is_now_a_buyout_feature_to/), unless there has been an exception made by the moderators for any particular reason. Please also take this time to [examine our rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade/wiki/rules) for future reference.

If you intend to contact us about this action (or any other ones), please ensure that you have read this comment in its entirety (making sure to read through any relevant links) and make sure you grasp a full understanding of what it means *before* contacting us.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"I completely get it. I think it's amazingly stupid and frustrating we weren't in on guys like Céspedes, Kang Jung-Ho, Chapman, Moncada, etc. I think it's stupid we weren't in on Andrew Miller last year. And if Yo signs with the Nats, it'll be more than a little frustrating.

But I definitely disagree with ""the team heading in the wrong direction"". Attendance is up and the on-field product is World Series-caliber. The farm system is strong and players actually *want* to come to the Mets now. In 2012, R.A. Dickey was our best pitcher. Frank Francisco was our closer. Ruben Tejada and Scott Hairston were our 2nd and 3rd best position players. We won 74 games. Why, specifically, do you feel we're headed in the wrong direction? I might be able to give you something to be a bit more positive about. 

Also, you made a comment about Harvey to the Yankees; even if we *can't* afford Harvey when his contract is up, there's a couple of important points. The first is that it probably doesn't make sense to give a guy on his 2nd UCL more than $200 million. The second is that there are 3 long seasons between now and then, and a lot can happen in 3 years. If we have 3 more seasons similar to 2015, we sure as fuck won't have the same payroll limitations we do right now. Matz and Syndergaard won't hit free agency until 2021. That is a really, really long time from now.



"
[hi](http://redditp.com/r/NSFW+buttsandbarefeet+asianfeet+feet_nsfw+nsfw_japan+hentai+naruto_hentai+fairytail_hentai+hot_women_gifs+flexi+lesbians+dirtysmall+redheads+asianhotties+fitgirls+suicidegirls+ginger+ecchi+pussy+latinas)
"Lee Ranaldo. Still a big name in some circles, but I don't see him mentioned much in a shred/blues sub like this"
"Lines here /u/KniveySpoony

L. Wing | Center | R. wing
---|---|----
D. Sedin | McCann | Hansen
Baertschi | Horvat | Vrbata
Burrows | Vey | Etem
Dorsett | Zalewski | Virtanen

L. Defense | R. Defense
---|---
Edler | Tanev
Hutton | Sbisa
Bartkowski | Biega

Starter | Backup
---|---
Markstrom | Miller

**Injuries:** Sutter, Hammer, Sedin

**Scratch:** Weber, Prust, Cracknell"
"I am well aware of that, it applies in real life as well in my experience. I still completely missed that one, though.

Whatever. I'm just glad I didn't get Misaka'd, that always makes you feel like an idiot (note: it's too late to do it now, ya bastards)."
"I'm having trouble parsing much of your reply. "
"If one pops up let me know! "
Because they didn't lock in
"&gt;Droid teams are all about turn 1.

Not really, though. A droid team will take one or two characters out in the first round, but if they don't, it's not like they run out of steam. They'll be going again soon, because of Speed Boost from Poggle and turn meter from the crits they got in the first round, and they'll still have Offense boosts, and IG-88 will do even more damage because there will probably be more debuffs on the enemy. Assuming you have characters that aren't straight up dead from the droid's initial attack, so they actually *can* be healed, spending a turn healing them up doesn't do anything to prevent the droids from just killing them one turn later. 

You beat droids by getting rid of the droids before they can kill anyone (important). That means Poe, so that the droids spend time killing him, while your team kills them. Or CC (Stun, Offense Down, or Ability Block in a pinch), so the droids can't get their initial barrage off effectively. Or enough burst of your own to at least answer their kills with some kills of your own. If you have a choice between killing IG-88 and and healing up, you should kill him, because if you don't, he'll just cancel out your heal anyways. 

Daka and Dooku are the scariest opponents I see when I'm using my droid team. Few teams can kill one of the droids before they get at least one attack off, but Dooku and Daka can both stun two of them, if they're lucky, which basically ruins the match. That, plus Dooku's counter is brutal against IG-88 because of his low health and AOE.

Kimi, on the other hand, I don't care about. She doesn't stop anyone from dying in the first turn. And she'll probably be ability blocked by the time she gets a turn anyways."
"I mean, using two lines of a large post to debase my entire point doesn't really advertise your willingness to understand why Survivors are disliked in ranked.

Also, what other people think of each other is one of the core aspects of this game. You need to embrace it rather than push it away."
"[Original /r/earthporn post](https://www.reddit.com/r/EarthPorn/comments/422qia/beautiful_sunrise_at_mt_warning_australia/)

[Original /r/gonewild comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/gonewild/comments/4201qd/sitting_on_my_knees_waiting_for_you/cz75r42)"
I would have rehosted to imgur but I asked the artist's permission first and she said she'd prefer for me to link directly to her tumblr.
I'd like to know what blizzard feels that this adds to the game.
WE...ARE...IN...HELL...RIGHT...NOW...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSDhhZtRwFU
Why haven't we done this yet.
"That's not nearly as fun as it doesn't allow you to run whatever you want on their system, though."
I would like to see the same analysis OP posted but applied to the number of blacks in the Superbowl relative to their representation in the population.  Maybe we should boycott the Superbowl?
"wish I couldve made it to that one, damn"
"£120,000 a week was just never going to happen. Even Eto'o wasn't on that much money."
"Really? Because it was on the BBC News last night. 

So were you really looking at houses and found this? Or did you see it on the News last night and submit it with a clickbait-y title? 

/r/quityourbullshit
"
"Neo gets shot. Twice.

How'd answering two questions go, OP?"
"Could u imagine starcraft marines holding mirrors instead of their big shields "
HAHA! I love it!
"Actually, yes. I've gotten used to her, and now tall Peridot just looks...stretched. It doesn't help that I keep seeing Ruby/Sapphire fanart with limb-enhancers and those look REALLY weird to me."
GMOs can't be reversed.  The effects of pharmaceutical drugs can't be reversed.  The kidnapping of the children CPS has kidnapped cannot be reversed.  Extinction of species due to unwarranted human intervention cannot be reversed (See: bees and monarch butterflies).  There are several things that cannot be reversed.
Maybe you should see a therapist.
Glad to have inspired :)
"His healthcare plan will benefit medium and large companies who already provide health insurance to their employees. As you mentioned they are already paying hell lot of money for private health insurance. Secondly workers will have more money to spend, so overall we will be better.


Private health insurance companies will be phased out, profit of pharmaceutical companies will went down, hospitals will be OK (both costs and revenues will decline).


I think we will have decent growth under Sanders administration. If China keeps going down, importance of domestic market will be much more important.


[JPMorgan exec sees ""disconnect"" between slumping stocks and ""real economy""](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gu_tnTyYg0w)"
"Search here. There was a similar request some time ago, last month or three."
"self posts (text only in this case) will gain karma but that will not effect your overall Karma. "
ANYTHING BELOW!
"The thing is, this is the first ""Rust update"" post that looks at least somehow good. Posts like ""update!"", ""new Update"", ""Updates out"" won't tell you anything at all and are worthless. Would be cool if we would have update posts like in /r/tf2, for example [this one about small update](https://www.reddit.com/r/tf2/comments/41xlob/tf2_update_for_12016_12116_utc/)"
It all makes sense now. Excuse my terrible reading comprehension on interpreting deadlift-focused work as deadlifting 3 times a week. Going to blame the early morning and lack of caffeine.
"Its amazing to me how that guy even gets to play anyone.

""usuk"" in his GT.  I mean theres no chance I'd play a guy with that name.  Auto backout.

Any trash talking GT or Team name and I'm gone."
Such psycho. Wow
"okay scratch everything.

**Cleveland fans:** would you trade Kevin Love and Timofey Mosgov for Avery Bradley, Otto Porter Jr., and David Lee's expiring contract?

**Kings fans:** would you trade DeMarcus Cousins for Bradley Beal and Marcus Smart?

**Wizards fans:** would you trade Bradley Beal, Otto Porter Jr., and Jared Dudley for DeMarcus Cousins?

**Celtics fans:** would you trade Avery Bradley, Marcus Smart, and David Lee's expiring contract for Kevin Love, Ben McLemore, and the expiring contracts of Jared Dudley and Timofey Mosgov? 

I hope you all answered ""yes"", because [this trade works!](http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=jlp8uth) 

____________________________________________
I'm most skeptical about Boston accepting the offer, but they desperately need a superstar who can carry the load offensively. Kevin Love can do that. Don't forget, he is 27. He has a lot of basketball in him yet. 

Thoughts? Zach Lowe, I know you are lurking. Tell us why this trade is fantastic for everyone involved. 
"
"Sure!

[My most recent Medieval Town](http://imgur.com/gallery/4DOps)

[Trading Ship](http://imgur.com/a/IaUuU)

[Castle](http://imgur.com/a/v9M7t)

Also here is my [flickr with more pictures,](https://www.flickr.com/photos/janatale) and if you have one as well."
"No, you didn't take the test too early.  Irregular periods are really common, especially following a stressful time like the holidays.  Getting on hormonal BC will even out your periods and give you extra protection."
"That Rocky Votolato gives strong Bon Iver/Iron &amp; Wine vibes IMO.

I've been privileged to see Sigur Rós performs Olsen Olsen live, it was unreal! Also A Better Son/Daughter is a really empowering song. Thanks for recommending that subreddit too!"
"I do research on most things if they are expensive, like my pc parts. Something like a fursuit is something that'll take lots of research and maybe even some to lend me a suit to get a feel for it"
[5000+ upvotes](https://www.reddit.com/r/fo4/comments/3t1j5y/mod_to_make_mama_murphy_naked/)
"The actions of Israel and the US directly affect the security of their allies and neighbors. If they perform actions that threaten the security of others, then there is no recourse than to find means to reestablish the security and safety of the citizens.

Obviously the swiss knew something about the PLO as their agreements worked and succeeded in establishing the safety of their airlines and the citizens.  Where the Israelis and Americans failed, the swiss found a way regardless.

To expect that allies must roll over and blindingly accept the collateral damage of Israelis and America's actions is hypocrisy."
"Step 1: buy a ton of stamps/prepaid envelopes

Step 2: troll the USPS by making them deliver all the mail you bought"
Some people enjoy Tavern Brawl
Right... What was the most popular book few years ago? Fifty Shades of Grey? Best book ever.
"Saw a dirty message on the unlock screen on his phone then two weeks later one of his FWBs called me after she ""broke up"" with him. She gave me the unlock code to his phone and checked his texts and all of his ""activities"" we're undeniably there. It had texts from other girls, texts to/from his brother and friends about various acts and girls and he had a very active Tinder account."
Please no CoD kiddies. I don't want this place to become a daycare.
"Agreed. Nothing more aesthetically pleasing than the sight of gentle afternoon rays draped over the defiance of bureaucracy.

Potato quality is due to fact I had to zoom/crop a cell phone pick. Samsung Galaxy camera has normally served me well, but in order to read the print on the sign I had to zoom a bunch."
"Almost looks photoshopped "
"Wow, that's terrible, terrible advice."
"They've got these and fbi files on Netflix, I'm in morbid heaven. "
"Focus on sticky grenade and AA damage. 
The grenade's mini grenades can be sticky too if you buy the upgrade but rarely you'll get someone dumb enough to get stickied and then stepping into three mini stickies.
I don't like the bike that much. Maybe use it as movement or leave it somewhere as a extra movespeed. Maybe you can join late a team fight, go behind the enemy team and lay the bike there to do damage. Maybe as an extra push like a homing bird (rae or genji can do that)."
Guy is no Lauren Hart
"I'd guess the term comes from dueling, but maybe duelists borrowed it from pugilists. "
"Is this true? I don't even see any by me. I love my ST, and the first thing I bought for it after opting for summer tires was snow tires."
"Saber's the most attractive Fate character overall imo, but the problem is part of that is her character/personality.  (Not gonna lie, I also really like her Japanese VA.)  Makes it damn hard to win these waifu wars because Saber's attractiveness is more than just an image."
"You would be surprised how well it will run it. You are going to have to turn down settings for AAA games, but at 1440p, antialiasing  becomes much less important."
Solidarity! I have an old email address from 2001 that stopped receiving spam a few years back. Wait a decade lol.
"http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/FamousFamousFictional
"
"""There's no time for lubricant.""

""There's always time for lubricant!"""
"That's part of the problem of fatlogic.  It's so ingrained in people... and so ubiquitous and pervasive and accepted as true... that it blends right in with legitimate science/nutrition and people don't even recognize it. 

It's a damned shame."
The flavor and lack of cig smell
That's the most beautiful thing I've seen since... ever. Please please please I want one!
*flooooof*
lol
"fta: ""According to a new book on MySpace, four years ago, MySpace CEO Chris DeWolfe met with Facebook cofounder Mark Zuckerberg and the pair talked merger. Eventually Mark asked Chris if MySpace wanted to buy Facebook for $75 million.""

Yeah, they were discussing a merger.  So development would have definitely gone down a different path.
"
"Had a coworker go through a makeover show where they redid his living room.  it was terrible.  The work was just terrible - gaps and shit not level.  The paint was this neon green that looked like a softer pastel green on tv but was safety green in real life.  
He spent some money undoing the shit."
"Did you not realize that I was on your side?  I think he is guilty, 100%.  "
"Your post has been removed because it is a direct link to a PCPartPicker build list. Please resubmit your post as a self post. If you would like to include your PCPartPicker build list, try clicking the Reddit Markup button on your build page. Then, copy and paste the resulting text into the body of your new self post.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/buildapc) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Multikulti idiots didn't start a world war, so I wouldn't put them in the same corner. "
"It needs to be done, but some of the media commentary has been unfair in my opinion. 

How accountable can the current ADF really be held for things that were happening pre Vietnam? Fair enough that we help out anyone who was a victim, but I think it lacks a lot of perspective to think that post-Korea ADF was the same institution it is today. Some of the media criticism makes it seem like the current personalities are the ones who are responsible for the crimes happening 50 years ago. "
"Splatoon best online team shooter of the year. Go
Look up some gameplay videos."
Waste of development time right now. That can be a patch 2 sort of thing.
"Kobe plays the 3 this year "
Trigger warning for Canucks fans: 2011
Regular shirt wearin normie
"They've already taken in way more than Europe. "
"If I had to go with scare factor.... The exorcist. If its fun factor than Nightmare on elms street is my absolute favorite. Very creative deaths(I love this element) and quite funny. "
"It's a magical stash "
"if you have any issues, don’t hesitate to email or PM Me, ive learned a lot tricks with these early betas, "
That's the character's name in the comic books. This is just a fun coincidence.
/thread
"Ugh this shit again. All this is doing is encouraging the Academy to give out token nominations so they don't get shit on by Spike Lee and his band of idiots, and for Hollywood to shy away from hiring black talent in race-neutral roles because they don't want to get shit on by Spike lee and his band of idiots for not doing it ""the right way""."
"Isn't Joe Bernstein the Buzzfeed writer that was part of the ""Gamers are Dead"" media blitz?

**EDIT** - Found it. He is. https://archive.is/jVqJ8"
Not yet.  I am the process of building it the page for it.
Lucky! I mean there's a collector Show near me but they kind of over price sometimes. Just have to go to ToysRUs.
Brendan Dassey thinks the people in the video are stupid.
DUde the struggle has been real.
This fuckin' guy.
Fish. Duh.
"IM IN! TRY!
"
"Now he's saying we're nothing without Gronk. "
"Ran out of fuel.

Sad sad lesson learned about not shutting down all modules."
"If multi-parters count as ""a single episode"", here's that list:

**MMPR**    
 * Day of the Dumpster    
 * Green with Evil    
 * The Mutiny    
 * White Light    
 * The Power Transfer    
 * The Wedding    
* A Different Shade of Pink    
* Rangers in Reverse    
    
**Alien Rangers**    
* Alien Rangers of Aquitar    
* Hogday Afternoon    
    
**Zeo**    
* A Zeo Beginning    
* Revelations of Gold    
* Good as Gold    
* Rangers of Two Worlds    

**Turbo**    
* Shift Into Turbo    
* Passing The Torch    
* Chase Into Space    

**Space**    
* From Out Of Nowhere    
* Dark Specter's Revenge    
* Countdown to Destruction    "
30Hz sounds great
http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/27/271186/2742978-6261416319-tumbl.gif
Look looks like I may have to finish the rest of my Bronzes
Well I thought that Rust CI was an official Rust project. When I first started getting deep into Rust it was the resource that I was told to use for libs. So Rust CI is not an official Rust project? Yes on Crates.IO I would like to see the badges listed for all libs so I know which ones are building now at the very least even if they may die in the future.
"Yes. The caller informed me they lock the doors tight no exceptions @ 7 PM on the dot. "
"Probably the tomato and sour cream? "
"This guy is not marriage material. So many red flags! "
"I remember him saying in an interview that they removed the mechanic in Brawl because it would be really hard to perform for wiimote players, but i firmly believe that the reason it didn't make it back for Sm4sh was because Sakurai realized just how much of an impact that single mechanic made."
Problem with mid shelters is they don't have bug protection and I go to some very buggy places and if I get a inner bug tent for them they end up weighing far more. I am semi intrigued by nemo's new mid shelter and bug pod the covers half your sleeping bag as a light solution but I feel I'd be better suited with a standard tent as the I have somewhere I can retreat to if I need to get out of the bugs for a bit.
[deleted]
"It's like 101 basic human politeness. You don't get a pat on the back for clearing the bar on being a functional human being. "
"This is great! Now I can dress up my man Barbie with no regret for dumping all my money in to fashion instead of my companion upgrades. 1.5m to get my Merc to legendary! I should have that by fall of 2018 "
"I ALREADY TOLD YOU THAT, PIECE OF-
CHECK MY LATEST POST"
Some of us are still reading the Bible. :-)
"Anekdoten, Animals as Leaders"
"Would you trade three of the Mush items on your wishlist for your three gold roses?


**Edit:** I specifically have the mush hanger, mush stool, mush dresser, mush end table, and mush wall lamp if you want to pick which three you want."
It's a shitpost
"**DAY 1**  
Morning Weight - 180

**Lunch**  
Spinach &amp; Mushroom Egg White Fritatta  
1/2 tsp Sriracha  

**Snack**  
Lite Mozzarella String cheese  - 1 stick  
Salmon Jerkey - 1.25oz  

**Dinner**  
Chicken - 7 oz (measured raw)  
Broccoli - 182 g (measured raw)  
Juice of 1/8 lemon  
Mustard - 2 tsp  

**Stats**  
708 Calories  
93.5g Protein   
12.7g Fat   
26.2g Carb  
5.8g Fiber  
20.4g Net Carb  "
"I've done it. Not that bad, was pretty good."
"&gt; Nexus 5x

Agree! If you're going Android, go to the source (Nexus). Updates more consistent, prompt and for longer."
I just got here too but still sucked at finding it
"Wasn't there a song about that?  

""Are you going to Scarborough air port?   Subway, smart track or lrt????""

"
"Ride Along 2 and Fifty Shades of Black look legit to win some awards. "
Weather.com sucks in the US to
Exactly. It's Faceit for me since I can't afford to pay monthly for CS tbh.
"Hi! Thank you for contributing to our subreddit. Unfortunately it seems like you haven't really participated constructively or at all with our community so far. Since we are being flooded with content at the moment, we ask you to first join in on our discussions before submitting content. Thanks!

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Rainbow6) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Cool. Does this trick work on any other of Fredbear's conversations?
"I love how you made the female in the tower say "" Don't let the boss know, but I think this girl is kinda hot."" i had to second guess my self xD"
[deleted]
"If you go into the weight room at RIMAC, you do have to bring a towel. They won't let you in if you don't have one. "
That's something to report.
"Absolutely, but that doesn't mean they do.

(Why the pseudo-PHP?)"
"Honestly, forget the refs for a second -

Two of the most absurd plays in the league this year happened in Lions games

* The longest Hail Mary in NFL history
* Calvin Johnson fumbling the GW TD on LITERALLY the 6-inch line

Those two plays were *absurd*. Very few comparably weird plays. And if those go the Lions way, they're in the playoffs.

That's a lot better a season than I thought they had this year."
"Remainders are always left. "
"The sad part to me is that the people who fight for better veteran care, etc., are the same people who want a bigger and bigger and bigger budget for the military so that we can send more of our children off to die in pointless wars that nobody here even understands. Then that same side complains that the Democrats want big government. The biggest government job in the world is serving in the military. None of it makes any sense to me. Standing up for one president over the other seems silly. Each one does the same as the last. They get us into illegal wars and fights w each other so that we never think level headedly enough to realize that we are fucked."
"Social value points.  Maybe you just don't have a commanding enough presence to keep attention on you.  Make it your universe! "
?
"What? 

They push out updates to its Launcher, app store and other ATV gapps almost weekly.

"
"Seems like the black heart restricts you to moving side to side, so Gaster's attacks would presumably be spearing down from above or below similar to that one attack Undyne has."
[orly?](https://youtu.be/FzF1KySHmUA)
f'in finally get a power play
[deleted]
"I don't know the science, but you're wrong because science, so I'm hanging up on you now."
[deleted]
Thanks g
[removed]
the e10k doesn't really hold you back that much. It will work with most headphones I imagine.
Here's the only motherboard I could find with 10GbE: http://www.amazon.com/ASRock-Motherboards-X99-WS-E-10G/dp/B00QTP1A9A
"What's convoluted about the schedule? The 6-5-4 rule seems simple enough. Again, very much like the NFL's allocation of games with divisional, inter-conference, and cross-conference games. You've got the issue that the SA teams play each other conference member once while the Australasian teams play one specific team twice, but that's just because 18 doesn't divide into 4. No number divides as nicely as the NFL's 32. I guess you could forget the groups and just have three conferences of six, with Sunwolves in Australia and Jaguars in NZ, but that would really fuck over the Jaguars, crossing the Atlantic is a lot easier than crossing the Pacific."
I'm looking forward to the book!
"""Everyone involved in this should be fired.""

- Some dumbass on Twitter "
That time of the month
"1d2000: **1034**

(1034)
*****



^(Hey there! I'm a bot that can roll dice if you mention me in your comments. Check out /r/rollme for more info.)"
"Yes! I don't want mine on Reddit, but I'll add you. I'll be the one that starts with a J. 

Also, I started a thread over at /r/untappd if you want to find more great beer-minded people:
https://www.reddit.com/r/Untappd/comments/3ujyf0/so_glad_that_i_just_found_runtappd_want_to_be/"
"Yeah, I'm a little surprised how much I'm getting downvoted for it. "
"Let's hope tomorrow will be THE morning I actually get through "
"I went ahead and ordered the Nitro. Mine does run at 1050 (if the drivers don't downclock the chip :P). According to Sapphire, the Nitro features a custom PCB with improved VRM. This means that the Nitro should run more efficiently than the Tri-X (less ""bleeding""). Might also be better for overclocking, but I haven't tested that yet.



Performance-wise I've noticed the Fury already pulls ahead of a normal 390 quite noticeably at 1080p and destroys it at 1440. I'm guessing the difference between the 390X and the Fury will be a lot smaller at 1080, given that the Fury wasn't designed for that resolution.

one thing I do love about the Sapphire card is the cooling solution they've implemented. I have tested both the Asus Strix and the Sapphire Nitro. I've had an Asus R9 280X and a friend owns an Asus Strix GTX970. Both were very silent graphics cards. Also, the ASus Fury was the only one with a custom/more efficient PCB, so that was the first I went for. Unfortunately, the Asus card did disappoint me a bit. Not only did it only run at clock speed (the Sapphire cards come at up to 1050MHz), the DCU3 cooler was also not as silent as the DCU2 ones I already knew.

During gaming sessions the ASus card was clearly audible over the game sounds from my speakers (no headphones). The Nitro's fan noise on the other hand is easily blurred out by game sounds (not using headphones, just regular speakers). The card itself hasn't been hotter than 72°C during gaming (Witcher3, Battlefront at 1440p/Ultra) with the fans spinning at roughly 1250 RPM. Unfortunately I don't remember temperatures with the Asus card, but I do believe they were slightly lower. Maybe you could get the Asus Strix to be slightly more silent with a custom fan curve to allow for slightly higher core temparatures, but I haven't tested that.

Playing WoW in less graphically intensive areas and VSync on leaves the Nitro at roughly 53°C, at which points the fans don't even spin. So overall, in regards to noise levels... I'd say go get a Sapphire Nitro. Both the 390X and the Fury come in Nitro versions. If power draw/efficiency isn't as important, I don't think the Tri-X is much different from the Nitro cooler. Given that it costs a bit less the non-OC might be an ""economy"" option.

As to 390X vs Fury... I've made the choice between the 390 and the Fury just a few days ago. And it probably depends on the resolution you want to use. For 1440p I'd go for the Fury. It's an absolute beast at that resolution. 

For 1080p... Why not go for  regular 390? A bit cheaper, a lot more efficient (trust me, if your PSU can't handle the 390X that's your next upgrade), almost comparable framerates. I understand the 390X gives that extra bit of grunt, but I was (pleasantly) surprised by the R9 390 Nitro. Extremely good card for the price. Not trying to make your decision harder, just trying to give options :D"
"Nah, it'd be racist and hateful to deport them. The year is 2016, people! Nothing will go wrong from letting these people into your country!  :)"
"""I-I didn't say that!"""
"have 3 315+ locks 
PSN: LDawgR6"
"&gt; ~28% of players are Gold, while ~22% of players are Plat or above

please refer to this site when making these claims: http://www.lolsummoners.com/stats/euw"
"that 928,, dayum"
"I think it's supposed to represent geological activity, volcanism or even fallout from collisions. Just like we see on the moons of the solar system! :)"
"Actually, a brand new subox mini kit sells for around [fifty](http://www.myvaporstore.com/Kangertech-SUBOX-Mini-Starter-Kit-Black-p/krsbk1.htm) dollars with shipping, plus a 5 pk of [coils](https://vaporhq.com/kanger-subtank-occ-replacement-coils) for 10 with free shipping. Total of ~$60-65, not $80.00. "
[removed]
"I downloaded some extra RAM last night, so far smooth "
[deleted]
"Playing commander is different from other formats because it has a high concentration of novel moments that lead to interesting problem solving. There's a lot more variance and a lot more time to set up complicated situation that can only be overcome by a very specific gameplan. You also have a much wider variety of answers, so oftentimes you'll randomly realize you have a 'silver bullet' for a unique situation. Magic is awesome when you get in a situation where you have to think in a way you've never had to before, and Commander makes that happen more than any other format.

Plus, I got to cast Dack Fayden today. My deck cost maybe $200, and was mostly assembled from Jank I had lying around. The cheapest competitive Vintage or Legacy deck I could play him in is probably  $1400. You get to play with cards that aren't individually expensive but aren't good outside of expensive formats/decks."
http://www.theregister.co.uk/data_centre/bofh/
Yeah but the Xbox :(
Man.... Illinois is never in the process of trying to legalize
But if you can just print infinite copies at no additional effort where does the value derive from?
"&gt;Padres

There's why.

You're comparing ticket prices for a team, playing in an iconic stadium, that semi-recently sold out* [820 consecutive home games](http://dailycaller.com/2013/04/11/red-sox-consecutive-fenway-sellout-streak-ends-at-820/), and despite finishing last in their division still [averaged 94.8% capacity at home games this season](http://espn.go.com/mlb/attendance/_/sort/homePct), against a team that many baseball fans often forget even exists.

*There's some debate about the validity of many of the later sell-outs, but that's the official number."
"This used to go over the heads of some of the ""kids"" here."
[deleted]
Dude is in the same place as before.  What random people on the internet say doesn't really bother him.
If it's a joke a lot of people aren't getting it
"I will be terrified if I saw that bird perched outside my window... Imagining it my lunge for an attack or something... But that's just me. "
"lo que yo no entiendo es que verga pa que los borran que importa tanto de decir una pendejada, la pinche gente que se cree medio inteligente es la que mas le gusta hacer esto, como si fuera malo equivocarse esto es lo que tenemos bien pinche inculcado los mexicanos que si te equivocas ya se acabo tu pinche vida... no mamen que pendejes"
"Do *not* fuck yourself over to try and help them.  Don't go and get yourself suspended a bunch of times, how do you think that's going to look if you decide to apply for college?  Your mom and brother likely have some underlying issues, maybe they're depressed.  Whatever it is they need help.  Definitely don't mess with your brothers opiates again though, he sounds like a fucking lunatic."
Got something you want to talk about pal?
"[Link To Original Submission](http://reddit.com/3zzmbz) 

______

^^^I ^^^Am ^^^A ^^^Bot. ^^^Please ^^^Message ^^^/u/FurSec ^^^if ^^^you ^^^have ^^^any ^^^feedback ^^^or ^^^suggestions."
"Hey child who I've decided to keep, conceived through rape, who I've raised all your life.  Your father is here, you know, the guy who raped me?  He'd like to take you to his home and indoctrinate you to hate me.  Lots of love from mommy!"
"If it's happening on iOS 8, it's probably happening on earlier versions too. You'd have to be on 7 since the app isn't downloadable on 6. I think this error I found should have fixed the issue! Thanks though! :)"
"CNNN (early Chasers) had a Fungrys sketch called the Tilt Australia Burger, to help tilt the country so that WA got wet."
"I'm kind of confused by this but I really wish I could grasp it, maybe its the formatting but I'm stumped. "
This is what I am saying... Did /u/Claypool2112 forget about 2013?  I sure as hell did not as a Cardinals fan
In that case I think it would include teaching your children atheism and then your kid wouldn't be able to be taught any beliefs. Because that is very hypocritical if you think religion should not be taught but atheism should.
Watching Doughty lose his shit because of Uncle Leo was amazing
"Season 11


Just get to it you'll be happy you did."
"Clam do there buddy! Do really think if we had our basic needs covered we would never work? "
"Did you get in the water or just film? I live in Seal and am considering going out tomorrow, north side of pier (not good enough to pull off that south side craziness). I'm worried about the water though! I need someone to reassure me lol.  "
"Dude is top 5 in my book but a 38 year old should not be the best player on an NBA team, unfortunately he still is. "
Oh god you made my dream. Totally stealing your list.
"Can feel this cool breeze. The moon tonight is waning.
http://www.moongiant.com/phase/today/"
messaging now!
"I don't know why but your username bothers me. 

Just thinking of Deandre Jordan and Kobe in the same sentence annoys me"
Good news and happiness is something in short supply right now. Glad to hear it! Good for you.
"You sound pretty defensive there, buddy. Also your first point isn't true."
"i was talking about penis implants before and everyone said i was dumb, there's a reason you see rich white people with black dicks, and Africans blaming witch doctors for stealing penises ?"
"And tax increases disproportionately harm the rich too, yet you don't see the public up in arms over that do you"
"I'm very casual when i roleplay in skyrim, i generally pick a personality based on what my character looks like and wing it from there.

Usually it's a foreigner to skyrim, like a Dark elf or imperial which tends to help since i know very little on Elder scrolls lore."
"""knock on wood""
"
"r/podcastpostcards  
  
  
"
"He already told you, it just happens."
"&gt; What people should have a say in what the EPA does? Joe Sixpack? People with no training?

Every citizen.

&gt; No, people wouldn't leave because they are motivated more than one thing. This has been borne out in every case.

Tell it to the population of Detroit.

...or for that matter, of California, which is growing in population only because illegal immigration offsets the number of natives moving out."
"http://galleries.pmates.com/gals/photodromm/2009/02/lex_in_captured/index.php
"
Kings are off their game? this is their game.
"Have you tried just being happy? Just kidding.

I'm sorry for what you're going through. I'm glad you're okay."
I doubt Jimmy Fallon knows. It's never been confirmed for sure.
"Sounds like it's ~~live~~ pitch-corrected but I'm no sound engineer. Either way, she's a pretty good musician, better than a lot of other pop stars."
"O snap, awesome, I would love this.

Each week there is a Remender comic out, I get extra giddy."
"I can see why you'd argue that they sometimes don't get the same punishment, and I would have to agree that is clearly flawed. I don't think, however, your description of what cops do is at all accurate to say the least, lol. If you can show me an instance of a cop shooting a person who did not deserve it, black or not, I would like to see it"
How much you looking to get for it?
Yeah no one said he was ever going to win either.
"I just want to point out that ""buy it now"" prices on eBay aren't usually a good yardstick for the actual market value of collectibles. You really need to search completed auctions and see what people are really willing to pay."
rotala rotundifolia
"ONLY have a kid if YOU PERSONALLY are 100000000% over the moon about having a kid

The litmus test for this is the following -- Ask yourself this question.

Do you want a kid SO BADLY that you would have a kid under all of the following conditions, no exceptions:

* You want the child even if you were single right now. Did not know, had never met your current partner.
* You want the child even if there was, guaranteed, no future partner of any kind ever to be in the picture until the child was long grown and gone
* You are 100% willing to have this child through sperm donation, and raise it as a single parent with no support network.
* You are 100% OK with having a disabled child who will require round the clock care until the day you die.
* Should you become completely disabled as a result of having a child, you are 100% content with that consequence because having a child means more to you than your health, future prospects for employment and general quality of life.
* Should you die in childbirth, you are 100% OK with giving up your life in exchange for that child being born, you consider dying in order to have the child 100% OK.

Do not believe that if you answer those questions, that you will come out on the side of having a child at all based on what you wrote.

In which case, if your husband wants one you should simply divorce and go your separate ways. 

**Under no circumstances should you ever have a child for someone else.** That is unspeakably cruel to yourself and to the child.

&gt;I don't want to hurt our relationship by just flat out refusing.

You have the 100% right to flat out refuse. In fact, you have the OBLIGATION to be true to yourself and what you want your life to be over and above everyone and everything else.

If you do not want to have a child or be a parent, do not do it. 

This is 2015, not 1515. NO ONE is entitled to get a ""guaranteed kid"" just because they married someone. *You are not a slave uterus with legs.*

The odds on you being sterile are small. Plenty of people ""think"" that and end up preggo. STOP playing russian roulette with YOUR life and the life of an innocent child who does not get to choose to be born to a parent who does not want them.

Many have experienced being that ""unwanted child"" and told their stories, and frankly, it's a horrific thing to do to someone and damages them for life.
"
360 had this but it dissapeared at some point.
"I can imagine this being sung by elves, or minstrels in Minas Tirith, after the fact."
At what store? The 20 pairs of lifted shoes I have were not accompanied by any sales associates.
"Western Europe (plus Australia, New Zealand, etc.) is around 1 per 100,000k. 400% times those peer countries is amazing - the same difference as was depicted in *Escape From New York* in the opening title sequence. "
When in '96?
Lucky or tough for? you I weigh in naked
"Then the best part is when the helpless amputee is fluttering his wing-arms, you all stand in unison and do the [Gob chicken dance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4qOKybOKXs)."
"Yeah, I work on a campus as a tech and could probably make quite a bit more in industry....but I live a 5 min bike ride from work in a nice, active downtown that is inexpensive, have 3 weeks vacation after only 3 years, full benefits and pension plan, and could do either free classes or a part time PhD on the side and the school would pay for it.

Work to live, not live to work!"
"My guess would be he means 'dram' as in 'dram of whisky', referring to the Scotch. The quality of the Scotch in a Rusty Nail definitely matters, but Drambuie and Grand Marnier sounds excessively sweet. So I'm still confused."
"""Drink this, motherfucker."""
"&gt; All I want, is for you to ask yourself if hurting someone is worth your 10 minutes.

If they told me ""/u/Mattximus will get hit by a meteor in the next 5 minutes unless you filled out the form, I would slam the door in their face"", you victim blaming piece of shit."
I actually just checked this if you can see this in the next 10 min.
And that's really saying something because he looks like an old lesbian now!
Not like Kadri tried to spear earlier or anything...
"I guess.   I just don't know what else I could do, shy of 24/7 because I know that wouldn't work for me. "
[deleted]
"Mistakes were made on both sides of the van Hoojdonk saga, but I still think the majority of the blame lies on him. If he'd played to his usual high standards while still making it clear he wanted out (like Suarez for Liverpool recently) then we'd have been offered a deal we couldn't have refused for him, and he'd have had a much better career. Throwing his rattle out of the pram torpedoed both him and us. We didn't get the big offer we needed to make it worth selling our key man and rebuild a struggling team, and he threw a potentially brilliant career at the top level away. We should have known, he dicked Celtic over to come to us.

Still hate the bastard though. Can't help it."
"buddy of mine has a cbr250r from 04....He's pushing the thing near redline just maintain around 83mph...

No thank you. My rebel is in redline even thinking about doing 80 lol"
"Ropa vieja with a fat pile of white rice covered in black beans. Plantains are optional, but recommended as well."
"Guess I'm gonna need a Lara Croft game to go with my XBox controller charger. And printer ink is a good lubricant, right?"
"Well said. This is so poorly written. "
Unless you're in a car with your actually-good-at-singing friends. That's way more fun
"It happens; even on the big saguaro cacti:   https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/fc/15/b6/fc15b6f588adc07a21cb405762a80923.jpg  [not my photo but there are plenty of pictures of this somewhat rare occurance --The magazine Arizona Highways, for example, has several cover issues with snow on various cacti.] "
"Dude! She has a daughter? Name, links please."
"なかなか反応に困る  
そういえばラノベサブレって無いのかな？  
読書書籍とはまた違ったニーズだと思うので、有ってもいいと思うけど"
"Huh. It's weird all the little difference (or my plain lack of knowledge) between Canada and the States. "
Sydney's emporium.
youre welcome...pls do not distribute
"I'd say though that you are much deeper/focused than E types usually are. How sensitive are you to stimulation? Like, do you prefer loud music or quiet relative to people you know? Do you enjoy the live hustle of the city or a quiet thinking space? Are you more level headed and conservative, or more of a risk taker? The thing with this though is that a majority of people sit in the middle of I/E, so chances are unless it's totally obvious, you could be an A, :p"
[removed]
It's a website run by the solar industry.
I declare them a pest. You declare them a pest. Perhaps you should start trapping them yourself. I've thought of it but haven't got around to doing it.
"""Mathematics"" came from multiple parts of the world independently. It's not like the chinese were sitting around wondering how to keep track of cattle when the arabs came by and gave them the gift of numbers."
[deleted]
"This is pretty true. Same with if you're having fun, she's having fun. What you feel, she feels, etc. but sometimes the girls are just fucking boring and that's inevitable."
[deleted]
"Im from Jersey.  Every last one of my Jersey native friends had this issue driving out of state for the first time. Watched my buddy wait 20 minutes at a pump in Pennsylvania before catching on. I could have told him but that would ruin the fun. "
He's been battling pancreatic cancer so it's not likely that he'll be on the show any time soon...
ur drunk
Nooch4lyfe
"Det tenderar att bli fler våldsbrott om det finns fler män. Ska vi könskvotera invånare? "
The only way you work for the fire department is if they use you as the pole to slide down
This reference is going over my head.
[deleted]
I think you are correct
"For the first class. $25 a 45 min class after that. $200 for a monthly membership that's a bit steep. "
"That entire mission was fucking stupid imho, the writing, dialogue, everything. None of it made any freaking sense. The snakebite especially considering probably everyone had completed the mission with a sneaking suit or requested a battle dress to help, how on earth would a snake manage to pierce that?? And to top it off, you can call Pequod in during the battle. Suddenly, for the first and only time, your idroid comms fuck off because of a sandstorm and Pequod has zero idea of where anything is. "
St. Paul's and St. Mary's tuitions are about half of what they are at St. John's Ravenscourt and Balmoral Hall.
[deleted]
"Its interesting that this is the most upvoted answer...but it doesn't feel like you actually answered the question.

&gt; is learning Punjabi and the Gurmukhi script a requirement for Sikhs?"
"Heh, actually way before that, like one or two episodes in with him.  That last part just confirmed it. "
"Ya seriously. I'm same height and at 10-12% body fat 162lbs I looked ridiculously small compared to him.

At 180lbs 12-14%bf (with bloat) I still look smaller than him! On cycle too, so traps and shoulders are a little bigger than they would usually be.

Props to you op,  killing it brah"
"I'm not gonna try to be all tumblry but there's a reason people don't like it. In the case of natives it generally involves something that's important in terms of religion or stuff like that. In some native cultures feathers are earned for the headdress, some see that as disrespectful for someone who's not a part of the culture to wear a headdress like that because it's a cheap mockery of their culture. Its not exactly the same, but think of it like someone wearing military medals, honors, things like that, but they didn't actually earn them."
"&gt;The difference is that God commanded many of the actions in the Old Testament.

That's the point.  There is no difference in the actions.  So while one is labelled has an obviously horrible thing, one is labelled good.  

To me, actions are judged separate from the status of the agent causing them.  David was wrong in his adultery, even though it was his right as king.  Actions are right or wrong for the great and humble alike.  If I am to judge whether nor not your god is good, all I have are his actions and his words.  If both are identical to what monstrous people do, my conclusion is clear, despite what claims he makes as to his previous accomplishments. "
We show our flair around these parts!
He a bit overrated i think.
"lol, grasping at straws now. For a fanbase that really wants deflate gate to go away, you guys sure do talk about it a whole lot."
"The is the only definite article in English, denoting person(s) or thing(s) already mentioned, under discussion, implied, or otherwise presumed familiar to the listener or reader. The is the most commonly used word in the English language, accounting for 7% of all words. ""The"" can be used with both singular and plural nouns, with nouns of any gender, and with nouns that start with any letter. This is different from many other languages which have different articles for different genders and/or numbers. The is pronounced two ways.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/modeveryone) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"nah, thanks for the offer"
Eyes like glorious... bags of sand?
"But, but....they can take all the neutrinos they want, right?  And those are worth something....right?"
So what's the diff between bro and brah?
"Check out *Lonesome* if you like *Sunrise*, it's in the collection. "
"Oh snap, should I pull over?"
Sometimes it snows other places too.
"Dirty talk all day would ruin his confidence. Constantly being reminded of your perceived inadequacy or failure, where you 'know' you will ruin it but she's so excited? It would be killer if he has the tiniest bit of anxiety. "
Yes
[removed]
The sun is not yellow ... It's white light .
"Loved, but the god guy should not exist, it is just one. "
"I wouldn't necessarily say that, but at the very least OP is accusing the bible of blasphemy."
"Hahah yeah they sure are :D I checked it again and didn't enter any measurements (aside from weight which I found on amazon for the same package) and it gave me different ways to ship and different wages. Thank you, I'll give this a shot! "
"Fun fact, the comic has 2 completely different readings depending if you read it left to right or right to left."
"if you look at dota 2, the game is hard to get into with a big learning curve. The tutorial was really bad and just unhelpful when it came to how the game actually plays online - yet the game still has a massive influx of players and newbies wanting to learn. Party because valve is so massively successful and so was dota 1 etc., but i think as long as there is 

1. tryhard matchmaking/servers/scrims
2. casual servers (pubs)
3. high skill cap

that's really all it needs. Then its up to streamers and stuff to bring awareness to the game, and a good tutorial will make it even easier for people to pick up the game

I think the lowrank servers is a problem though, because as soon as people leave them they are getting bored of the game/getting crushed by high levels and that combination will cause them to quit entirely. Hard for there to be lasting new players if there is a model like that

edit: rocket league is a good example too"
"After recently finding work after a long layoff, my goals are to replenish my emergency fund to 6 months, contribute to the limit on my Roth IRA for 2016, save for a newer car. "
"Your thread was removed under **[Rule 10: handouts, giveaways and raffles](https://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensive/wiki/rules#wiki_10.29_handouts.2C_giveaways_and_raffles)**.

---


Please take a moment to visit the rule linked above; many rules contain details which may not be made evident by the rule title."
What a twist.
"No, I've got a couple of degrees, and I'm not used to having this much time on my hands. "
who cares other than you?
"[](/user/Giupatamon)

Please post any comments or discussion as a reply to this comment.

If posting a cutout, please use the [new cut-out format](/r/cutouts/wiki/index#wiki_flair.3A).

---

^(Useful subreddits for photoshoppers: /r/cutouts, /r/battleshops, PsB discussion subreddit)

^(Helpful links for this image:) [^Other ^Discussions](https://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/related/3z0rr5/psbattle_guy_standing_inside_a_red_smoke_granade/) ^| [^KarmaDecay](https://karmadecay.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/3z0rr5/psbattle_guy_standing_inside_a_red_smoke_granade/) ^| [^Google ^Image ^Search](https://www.google.com/searchbyimage?&amp;image_url=http://i.imgur.com/DCMuQre%2ejpg) 

---

*^(This is an automated response)* [^FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/apicontraptions/wiki/apicontraption_faq) ^| [^Send ^Feedback](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=apicontraption&amp;subject=Feedback ___thingId___&amp;message=[Link to post](https://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/3z0rr5/psbattle_guy_standing_inside_a_red_smoke_granade/\) 'I like feedback')"
Confirmed: 1 point awarded to /u/BobRossRuinedIt and /u/kettti.
"I'll be there for the ZG, but I might leave early as I need to get up very early the next morning"
"It's okay. Happy new year! "
Paging r/johnoliver
"New year, same stalking. Ah reddit reddit &lt;3"
Yea I did and I actually just found a server in France so super stoked about that even though the ping is bad I could care less
[removed]
Because one game represents the entirety of the scope of Ogre Magi's possible playstyles.
dublin?
Sky harbinger has the 230% while the golem has 180%??????? Y u do dis?
"West Ham flair and you are wishing luck upon spurs and palace? You're a bigger man/woman than I'll ever be. "
"Why did the cashier use Arabic? Why did the Mexican know what a similar sounding word means in Tagalog?

I can't even tell who is racist here."
"Our left arms are already massive. 
We're Magic players."
I really want a bird now.
Las paritarias eran SIEMPRE por sobre la inflación que marcaban hasta las consultoras privadas. Informate please.
[deleted]
And if it rains?
"I really enjoyed Cities Skylines, I'm actually a video game developer and I'm working on a [game](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=321140377) (There haven't been many updates in the past year, but I've still been working on it fulltime, so it's quite further along at this point than those videos show) that takes some elements from there and other city building games. It's not my IP though and I'm just a contract worker (I've been programming it all by myself though for the past 18 months), so I don't get too much of a say.

I've been planning my own game for the past while though based off of Gnomoria, Timber and Stone, Craft The World, etc and hopefully I'll get a chance to work on that next (I moved back in with my parents about a year ago to save up money to start my own game development company in the near future). 

I love complex systems and micromanaging in games, so anything that offers that with my own ability to create what I want, is something I really enjoy."
"There are 65 items on my Amazon wish list, some dating to 2002. He bought zero of them. Ah, well."
Woah dude cant i have dreams aswell? Just chill. Also isnt his dash cool? You cant say its not.
Wasn't Galadriel played by Cate Blanchett?
[Reference video](https://youtu.be/BvTNyKIGXiI)
One of the bolts is stuck in the page itself...
"You buying the house, renovating, and then selling and paying everybody out still sounds like at least a partial appropriation of their assets - still a problem. A whole pile of the law on this stuff is ""equity"", and looking for loopholes now can be really, *really* problematic later.

Work out a plan with your lawyer. I can't tell you any more."
"I wonder when we'll see protests and slogans for police brutality and murder against the mentally ill. 

""Mentally ill lives matter""?

Edit: What? So... because I suggest that mentally ill people should **also** be represented by public protects, I am somehow taking away the spotlight from African Americans?"
Broncos @ Chiefs was insane
"Hi, it's Pip and I am in. Even if I'm a girl I like to do it sometimes. My record is 3 months. Now it has been 12 days for now without masturbating. I like to fap, sexting and watching porn, but I love the feeling of self-control too. I know it's a totally different world if I'm not a boy but that's why I am here, to learn more about your challenge and to let you understand how I do it and how I feel too. I don't like to think about a distant future so for now I'm going to stop fapping for an entire month. Small goals always work better and they are easier. No porn, no orgasms for me. I'm doing this because I want more selfcontrol and discipline, it feels great in the end. In addition, after a long time without masturbating, I'm able to enjoy sex in a totally different way, with amazing orgasms. Totally worth it. Let's go."
Who won this year? Sorry I missed it guys. Let's get this story to the top for more exposure. Next year will be the best party ever!
"Doubt there will be a difference between HMDs. The game change is VR itself. As long as both HMDs give approximately equal visuals, the VR experience will be the same. Not even tracking will lead to a difference for seated/cockpit experiences."
How are your EVs?
If money is speech then taxation is impinging 1st amendment rights.
I live in west Ottawa needed major dental work $4500 worth and because of my job they said i could not get any help however if i was fired there would be all types of help.
How
[deleted]
Does it not do your head in that your map starts scrolling forever until you come back to it though?
get uBlock if you hate ads
"It's fine, thanks"
"It was good hoping,waiting,crying and moaning with you may Freeman be upon us"
Just finish watched Bone Tomahawk. Great movie.
"You appear to be asking a question related to the Star Wars franchise.  Please note that ELI5 is *not* the correct subreddit to ask about fictional things.  For that, consider posting to /r/AskScienceFiction, or to one of the smaller specialty subreddits such as /r/StarWars.  And in either case, please read that subreddit's rules before posting to ensure that your question is appropriate and is not removed.

Please note that ELI5 is for questions about complex *concepts*, and not anything specific to one particular movie or franchise.  If you want to ask for specific, real-life facts that you merely don't know, consider posting to /r/answers.

If you feel that your post has been removed incorrectly, feel free to [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fexplainlikeimfive&amp;amp;subject=Can%20you%20review%20my%20thread?) to have your post reviewed.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/explainlikeimfive) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Okay, thank you. Sometimes I just get worried that I'm not targeting them"
"Hey, I've been in this exact situation and I know how much of a bummer it is! The other commenters are giving good advice about what you need to do with regard to this girl. 

After this happened to me on several occasions, I realised that when meeting someone online, it's best to keep virtual conversation to a minimum and arrange an in-person meeting as soon as possible. That way, if you (or she) aren't digging it, it will be much easier to shut it down before it gets messy. Best of luck mate!"
"I'm excited :D 


Can't wait!"
The 9th would be difficult for me to make work. Could we do the 10th?
What the fuck did I just read?? This belongs on /r/4panelcringe or /r/cringeanarchy
"I can see United spending ~40 million on Kane in the summer, only for him to capitulate and never be the same"
[Ever see this?](http://redlettermedia.com/plinkett/star-wars/star-wars-episode-1-the-phantom-menace/) It's hilarious and on point.
"If you're interested, I know a guy that can make one (a replica) for the right price."
"Mechanisms are already in place to secure a crazy person from their weapons. If the person is so unstable that you feel compelled to remove a constitutional right, that person should be in a treatment facility. 

This law will be used for divorce rape to color the man as an abuser just like protective (restraining) orders are. "
"Exactly, in Fate/Grand Blindsided fashion."
"Cooper, Watkins, Lockett?"
"I hate that argument because you're just arguing semantics. The difference between being able to choose to live as long as you like, and your life being abruptly cut off in your 20s is vast. Even if you fail to draw a clear line between the two, you can recognize that one outcome is orders of magnitude better than the other. Whether that's literally cheating death or not is irrelevant."
"Not my wedding, but a woman I know wore white to another woman's wedding. along with flowers in her hair. and the white was actually a lingerie corset dress thing.  She seemed to revel in the fact people kept asking if it was her wedding. 

http://imgur.com/NqskXWj"
Should be dinosaurs vs stormtroopers.
"IMO supes should never HOLD the camera, rather be referenced and revered throughout, and when he finally does take the stage so to speak. Have it be succinct and have impact."
"I don't care how many Chinese people squat. It's called a Slav Squat, you heretic."
"**/u/davidac1982, Your submission title isn't right for listentothis!** We have to remove it.

Artist Name -- Song Name [genre genre] (year) 

For example: Three Trapped Tigers -- Reset [math rock] (2012) 

The ' -- ' spaces around the dash and the [brackets around the genres] must be included.

Click on the 'delete' option above to remove this before submitting again.

The submission guidelines are summarized on the submit page for quick reference.

The reasons for these community guidelines are explained in the [subreddit introduction.](/r/listentothis/wiki/reddiquette)

If reddit displays a message telling you to wait a little while before submitting again, moderators are NOT able to assist with this. This is a site-wide feature, and the message will not appear once your account age and total karma exceed required thresholds. [Verifying your email address](http://reddit.com/verify) can help resolve this issue.

[permalink](https://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/3z0sxj/jackson_novem_react_alternative_pop_2015/)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/listentothis) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
To eat healthy and start working out. Christmas told me I'm obese.
RUN AWAY!!!!!!!!!
"If you think that is flying off the handle, I can't really help you mate. I was just making a point that you can blame one branch of government for the actions/inactions of another. "
"me

(EDIT: That's his actual name. It's simply ""me."")"
How long ago where the gocompare ads with the singing guy? I'm guessing around 10 years since and I still refuse to use them because just thinking about the name reminds me of the song and revives the anger at the advert
PS4?
Let's find out - game on ;)!  What a hot body!
"Exactly. They *have* achieved incredible things with tighter budgets. Consider, too, that EU science funding goes to various places (CERN, for example) so a dick-waving competition between NASA &amp; ESA's achievements wouldn't be quite fair unless you take the bigger picture.

A moon base project would require bigger budgets into the ESA, for sure. But I doubt the ESA would do it alone. Other scientific agencies (oh hey, CERN!) would be drafted. As would collaboration with Russia &amp; NASA, unless they want to do it alone.

Also keep in mind, when we talk budgets, a *huge* portion of the budgets from NASA were for the shuttles. If ESA was to build moon base technology but contract SpaceX, costs would be reduced significantly."
"i wouldn't bother with this guy, like arguing with a trampoline "
"the problem I had with cava is that the default pulseaudio source is the mic.

what I need is to find the name of the default *sink* and then simply append "".monitor"" to that name. Using that as source would most likely capture the audio that is currently being played."
"Thanks to the rise of cheaper digital equipment making it more accessible to everyone, DJ's get paid fuck all, getting gigs is bullshit -- unless you're mates with promoters and club managers and even then you're expendable.


Also skill doesn't mean a great deal, anyone who books you would be more concerned with the crowd you attract. If you see no talent DJ's constantly getting gigs, chances are they whore themselves out nonstop on facebook and can muster an army of people to their gigs.


Finally, have reasonable expectations, get a regular 'real' job and focus on mixing as a hobby. If you get some paid wedding gigs on the weekend, consider it a bonus, because DJ'ing won't pay the rent and it is soul crushing when you have to sell some gear because you have no money to pay rent and feed the cat."
Diablo 3 is AMAZING. Every few months they update it with tons of new items and changes.
you sir are greeeeeat now stay the fuck out of my bubble!!!!!
Reminds me of [this](http://sp2.fotolog.com/photo/34/23/74/j0rdinho/13800786699679_f.jpg). Fuckin' Cyrus.
"**Name**: The Good Soldier Švejk

**Author**: Jaroslav Hašek, Josef Lada, Cecil Parrott

**Avg Rating**: 4.13 by 5937 users

**Description**: In *The Good Soldier Švejk*, celebrated Czech writer and anarchist
Jaroslav Hašek combined dazzling wordplay and piercing satire in a
hilariously subversive depiction of the futility of war. Good-natured
and garrulous, Švejk becomes the Austrian army's most loyal Czech
soldier when he is called up on the outbreak of World War I -- although
his bumbling attempts to get to the front serve only to prevent him from
reaching it. Playing cards and getting drunk, he uses all his cunning
and genial subterfuge to deal with the police, clergy, and officers who
chivy him toward battle. Cecil Parrott's vibrant translation conveys the
brilliant irreverence of this classic about a hapless Everyman caught in
a vast bureaucratic machine.


 Pages: 752

---

Bleep, Blop, Bleep! I am still in beta, please be be nice. Contact [my creator](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=avinassh) for feedback, bug reports or just to say thanks!"
I will vote for Trump
"# **꽃보다청춘 아이슬란드 1회 토렌.트 160101 1화 720p 다시보기 동영상**

1080p MKV 다시보기 꽃보다청춘 아이슬란드 1회 토렌.트 160101 1화 토렌.트 토렌 Torrent Comprehensive 720p HD

꽃보다청춘 아이슬란드 1회 토렌.트 160101 1화 720p 다시보기 동영상

파일 받기 : [다시보기 꽃보다청춘 아이슬란드 1회 토렌.트 160101 1화 Torrent](http://hoa.carnival66.com/3/3md)

.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.




다시보기 꽃보다청춘 아이슬란드 1회 토렌.트 160101 1화 토렌.트 토렌 Torrent DVD 1080p 720p HD Full HD DVD 1080p MKV

다시보기 꽃보다청춘 아이슬란드 1회 토렌.트 160101 1화 토렌.트 토렌 토렌 Torrent Comprehensive 720p HD 다시보기 꽃보다청춘 아이슬란드 1회 토렌.트 160101 1화 토렌.트 토렌 토렌.트"
Yeah it's a little odd to call a Canadian an American. Odd but not incorrect.
"Hey Chopper, never thought i would run into you here. I went to cod 24/7 and that place is dead, no one has posted in zombies for over 4 weeks. "
"Some people like to spoil themselves and splurge a bit. If that's what makes them happy, more power to em I say."
That's literally what it says
The US will need to do the same soon enough...
"Im really sorry to tell you, but if you want to garner interest from developers, you are going to have to be the ones showing your work first.  You have 3 developers in random countries in the world? what are their portfolios like? Why are they not listed on your website? Nor any of their names? Even yours is nowhere to be found.  What is your funding? Do you have a business plan?  All questions you should answer on your website if you want anyone to even bother sending you a CV.  Do you realize real companies, IN NORTH AMERICA, are hiring developers?  You are fighting an uphill battle, much like a certain 'developer"" who wanted to make a [science-based, 100% dragon MMO.](https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/p1ssv). At least she had the nerve to post some graphics."
[deleted]
Depends. Are you American?
Then why do you frequent it?
Valve doesnt like VPN cuz it allows you to get games cheaper. I heard you can get banned if you break these rules.
Disappear. Completely close all communication channels with the other party.
"I'll nail it in no less than 4 months. "
Looks pro to me!
"Your submission has been automatically removed due to an indirect link to a hosted image.

Please be considerate of mobile and RES users, and resubmit your link with the proper file extension.

For your convenience, here is your submitted link with a .png file extension appended to the end. Please check that it works. If it does, retry your submission with this link:

https://gyazo.com/f7421d3586f24cdffe0b4426de60e873.png

If the above link does not work, right-click on your image, select *Copy Image URL*, and paste that into the reddit submission page instead.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/runescape) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Which is why I shared the link
[deleted]
touché
So that win was vacated?
"I'm glad i found game grumps. the community feels like a family. i don't know why this comment triggered this, but I'm glad I'm here."
"Terry Bogard "
"It's the formic acid, really."
"I wasn't aware of this project until news of the lawsuit came out. I just watched the ""trailer"" (20 minutes for a trailer?)  

Meh. Dim lighting and all the dialogue delivered in a melodramatic gravelly whisper or booming stage voice? It's like a cutscene from some shitty video game that takes itself too seriously. The tone is wrong, Star Trek isn't gritty, even when something very serious is happening."
"Lol Luo Chong is Arnold from the Magic School Bus. I knew I should have stayed home today. "
This will be the purchase that pushes me to make love to my PS4
So glad i managed to catch this one live. Being a canucks fan and living in the uk sucks sometimes haha
How will this help the dog without a shelter location?
Wasn't Ashoka in Clone Wars?
"Right now, you hold on, you endure.  [This](http://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/comments/hax0t/z/c1u0rx2?context=10) post has already been plagiarized and then linked to in this thread.  I want to make sure you see it.  I can't say it helps, nothing can, but at least I found some meaning in it and some understanding of what I was going through.  I hope it might do the same for you.  I wouldn't wish what you are going through on my worst enemy.  Be as well as you are able and feel free to PM me anytime.  "
"50f here. I used to stress about answering questions about my family and in laws. Now any time someone asks me about my extended family I say in a very factual way, while looking them straight in the eye  ""I come from a very dysfunctional, abusive family, so does husband. We have as little as possible to do with them as we can."" If they ask questions I reply with facts, though usually people do not. Facts such as: ""my father in law committed physically assaulted against one of my children when aged under 10. To this day I regret not calling the police and getting him charged and jailed."""
"I'm okay. We're okay. We need something big to spark us though. A turnover, a big play, something. "
I remember having ear tube surgery as a kid and the staff allowed me to bring one toy back in the OR. I chose that Donatello. Must've been three or four when they first came out.
"I give his point scale a perfect score: 5/7. "
"So... Nate Silver is going to be perfectly alright. Donald Trump is fucked if he loses either of the first two races probably, and definitely after Bush and kasich bow out if hey do it early. Which, I saw rumors of Bush bowing out earlier today. Trump should seriously worry about that because he ain't much of a second choice."
"Hey man, if you need a shoulder. I just got the same memo last Tuesday. My daughter asked me this morning why I was sleeping on the couch. Told me I was supposed to be upstairs with mom. Asked me if she was mean to me. 

This isn't something people should have to go through alone. "
"Totally fake there's a very narrow band the suited people move in, no one moves into the tank area. You'd think someone would if this were real. "
"I dunno about this. I tried out for sports a lot as a kid even though im not physically strong, echomorph male is tough as hell to build raw strength. I got more participation trophies than I can handle. All it did was make me jaded as shit and now I view any praise as somebody being condescending towards me. So that praise effort shit can really backfire too. "
The Bears have done some downright evil things in their history though. All kinds of cheating and fixing going on with them in the 20s
"All you have to do is give them a plastic bag to play with and they'll take care of themselves. "
"**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**

Hi there! Your question has been removed as it looks like you're needing assistance of some sort which violates askreddit's [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-) 

Any post with personal pronouns (I, my, mine) will not be approved. Try different wording.

**Please use one of these subreddits:**

 * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/needadvice or /r/self

 * Cant remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue 

 * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. 

Otherwise if these don't fit your needs, check out the [multireddits in our sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/about/sidebar) which cover almost every topic imaginable, thanks!

If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&amp;subject=Help+Related+Post+Review+Request&amp;message=My+post+was+removed+for+being+help+related,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/41g7x6/has_anyone_else_been_banned_from_a_subreddit_for/). 


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Is 67 high for keepers? Not too familiar with understanding GK stats
Ayy lmao
"I wouldn't. I've taught plenty of students who spoke English as a second language, and I have refused to sign off several until they worked on their language skills. You are the CFI, it is your decision."
"Think of it more like hanging around with your daughter and somebody coming up and asking you where you know her from since she can not possibly be yours.  
Then they call the cops on you"
"Gonna give me a heart attack. "
"You have to see this in context -

The MiM is a european degree - something you tag onto a 3 year bachelor and then join the workforce after a total of ~5 years schooling. This roughly equates to the old Diplomas Europe had. 

The US picked up on this trend because so many people were without jobs, majoring in English and didn't have a business skill set. So now you're seeing Duke / Ross / USC / Dartmouth etc getting into the MiM game. Europe is much more established in this. 

That's also because the MBA isn't really a European degree,but a US degree. So here you see the US market dominate. While not the same as with the MiM degree, EU schools still lag a bit behind as the degree is just now getting popular (I'd say last 20 years or so in EU has seen the MBA become popular). 

So to cut a long story short, both sides of the world now offer MiM and MBA. The MBA is for business people with business experience trying to break into management. The MiM is basically for undergrads who want to break into an analyst position (sometimes the MiM is required for this, sometimes not). "
"YES!

Man, that took them so long.

Regarding the when, I'd personally prefer if it happens before Defenders, but not mecessarily before Iron Fist. This may be ridiculous but my reasoning for it is that I would like for Jessica and Luke to see each other before Defenders (and start on their relationship again) so they are not awkward or anything during the main event of Defenders."
"You think that posting a screencap from your account is trying to dox you? "
"Sylv I could see being a 7k hero. She's kinda like Raynor, easy to pick up, hard to master properly.
"
"Can I ask what you do? He couldn't open his eyes or talk for the last few days but he could squeeze our hands so I think he heard us and knew we were there. Thanks for the support, hope you enjoy the fights"
"Eu procurei alguns estágios pra ela mas ela sai da escola 12:40 e chega em casa quase as 14, e quase todos começam as 14 horas e acabam MUITO tarde, tipo 21 horas. É muito pra ela, ela quer manter as notas altas mas ainda assim ter uma graninha pra comprar as coisas dela (até porque minha tia é bem mão de vaca, entendo os motivos da minha prima)."
Nice idea
"I'm not usually a fan of films with not a lot of dialogue, but honestly this film didn't need it. Leonardo's face and emotion was more than what words could say a lot of the time. The part when he is laying with his dead son got to me so badly. Beautifully filmed and I found it amazing how they used all natural lighting. The film didn't feel how long it was, I usually can't sit through a long film as I'm easily bored but I was constantly involved in this film. Honestly felt I was in that freezing temperature with them at times.

If Leonardo doesn't get an Oscar for this, then I don't know what he will for. Loved it."
"Which is why he is banned form the sub until I get my stuff back, ok. Good one."
"The problem is with your question, which many people assumed implied that there ever was nothing. 

There is no 'before' the big bang though, we don't think there was time till the big bang. Doesn't mean that the big bang was something from nothing. 
"
"/u/cahbot What do you have for us today?

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/foreveralonebots) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
I can taste the fart
I don't.... is this game on drugs?
The E-Wing looks so much better without the gun on top.
"&gt;when when

You're joking right"
"He's not entirely right though, right? Like, if I see an opponent with a preorder card back, or a legend card back, or a heroic naxx card back, that gives me some insight on the player. Maybe not relevant at higher ranks, bit could be useful for people hanging around rank 6-20."
"Well I think the complaint is generally that the game didn't NEED to be scheduled for 10am with only one west coast team playing.  So while I agree about home field advantage, there shouldn't be an ""east coast advantage"" like you are proposing."
Thank you very much for your answers.
Tomlin trusts Berry over Bos? Fuck that
EF have absolute garbage teamfight shotcall
"Too much information. Don't associate with Sarah, if you don't want to. You're not obligated to and it's ok. "
"Thanks for letting me know, good to know for the next time I talk about The Jaunt. :D"
"Ever been in a party where one of your team mates had AC 30+ at lv3? "
"Yes you should be concerned, and yes you should see another doctor. How dare he not take you seriously when you are presenting with symptoms, and have both parents with MS! "
I love you a little bit for this. 😂
Bilder oder es passierte nicht
"The one reason I dislike Lightning is because she is so forced. It took them three games just to finish the entire story arc when it could have been left on a good note with Serah as the main protagonist.

It literally went like this:
""I need to save Serah...."" ~FF13
""Serah needs to save me!!""  ~FF13-2
""Now I need to undo everything I ever did and get Serah back....""  ~FF Lightning Returns

Also, I think it's in bad taste to call her the ""Savior"".

EDIT: Just remember that she was the one who asked for Serah's help and we all know where that went."
somebody allready maxed 3* LaFerrari ? how many PR?
"Sure, but only temporary corrections not ""the big one."""
exactly..
"I've suggested it on many threads but try thumbtack. 

Many times you submit what you want to them and then send you a price. 

We got lucky. We wanted 7.5 hours of coverage (beforehand, first look, ceremony, reception, leaving) and paid about $1300. That included about 1,000 pictures for us (via Dropbox--we ordered prints from shutterfly and mpix) and a Wedding book. 
 
So if you are only wanting 5 hours you could probably negotiate something down. It gives you the upper hand putting into thumbtack what you want because they can't see what other vendors are submitting back to you. It is free for you as well. 

Best of luck! If you were in the south I would be better able to help! "
"Anytime, post more last one gave me a chub"
[deleted]
It's a pretty long series I think but he's naked in it a few times and he has some gay scenes too. I don't know who you are and how you feel about that but this girl thinks its fucking hot lol
Thus guy has 4 posts so yeah
"&gt;  sleep around with black men

From what she described she was in a committed relationship with the ex, not sleeping around."
[removed]
Thats a bit too much of a reduction in arguement eh?
"I'd like it for a friend pplease ^_^
"
No and no. I never considered Annie a support even when she was meta and absolutely refused to play her as a support. I also not only hate Morgana's playstyle but can't perform a decent Morg Ult. I can however play Janna mid. People just tend to dodge when they believe I'm trolling with my full AP Janna. But she's like literally the only champion in the game I can actually farm on and the only champion I'm comfortable playing against any matchup in the game.
"I've tweeted it, hope that's OK! "
"I came here to say this and can't believe someone beat me to it. Moray cup is truly wonderful. I've never seen it anywhere past Aberdeen. "
"Sorry you lost, but you have made the rest of the internet very happy! :)"
"We're talking about bottles of water, not 1 gallon jugs of water. How are 1 gallon jugs even relevant to the discussion? We know that water is extremely cheap if purchased in large quantities. I can fill up a gallon jug of water out of my own tap for less than 1 cent. Bottles of water are useful because I don't ever want to drink a gallon of water or carry around a gallon of water, which makes 20 ounces of water much more valuable to me than a gallon of water.

The article is from the UK where gasoline/petrol is sold by the liter, which is a normal size for a bottle of water. If you want to talk about US prices, then convert the price per US gallon of US gasoline to the equivalent in liters or ounces."
*puts heels on *** GOD DAMNIT NOT AGAIN. Every time.
"Your post has been removed because plays.tv links must be submitted in text post form under the short-duration content rule.

If you're not familiar with the subreddit rules, you can read them [here](http://reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/w/subredditrules).


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/leagueoflegends) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Is she ok?
Whatsapp
But he had the ball on him...
Eat shit Tomlin.  You tripped players during a game and you have no moral high ground
"Yes I love controversy. Needs to be a reason for this sub to bitch and entertain me. "
"No he's right, all conflict deployed military get 5 years of medical regardless of rating. This was changed in the mid 2000s. "
"Type down Uwakoi Raw. The Korean translated version of it it done.
"
"Good for you missflowerss, that was a perfect response. Go ahead and spew your bullshit, but out my range...fucking brilliant! I have a feeling nMom knew exactly what she was doing, it's not her first time on the phone. I love your boundaries, and kudos to you for putting her toe right on that line. Strong work!"
Snake dick done well
Oh nice! Bilingual anthem!
Alvarez is a durable guy and I reckon he'll get the shit beaten out of him.
"It's more like...Warlords of Boredmor.

Get it?

Bored More.

I'm hilarious."
[SuperDraft review](http://mlsmultiplex.com/2016/01/17/mls-superdraft-review-new-york-red-bulls/)
"Thanks! "
"This post has been removed. Self-posts should not consist of only a link. Please repost this as a link post, or if it's self-post Sunday, wait until tomorrow.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/trees) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
wellllll shit. lucky guy. May I watch?
"Oh okay, that makes sense to me then. I've never noticed this as an issue but I guess you're not calling it one, you're just saying it's a reality. The only thing is, isn't racism actually treating someone as lesser by definition? Isn't latent racism impossible by definition? Even if that's the case I'd be getting you on a semantic. I still understand what you're getting at."
"And if you have an iPhone or Windows Phone, just log into your google account and import your contacts."
"I feel you, man. For a while, the only friends I had were guys and it got tiring and somewhat lonely without having a girlfriend in my life. I have female friends from college now, but they don't play video games at all. Being somewhat of a tomboy myself, I find myself pretty out of place when they talk about their common interests but I try to stay engaged anyway.

This subreddit is the reason why I joined reddit in the first place. It's comforting to be in a community of other girls who play games. It would be nice to know someone in person I could bond with over video games, though!"
"I can't speak about Hasselhof, but regarding the rest: Germans as a group prefer to overthink technology; the first instinct is to look for faults and flaws. OS/2 and Mozilla offered solutions to German worries.

Germany has a history of producing cerebral science fiction. The deep plots in B5 fit perfectly to the German psyche. The Nazi sub plot also helped."
[deleted]
"They talk a lot of shit and I know that the game was essentially ""over"" at that point but that's just what makes us different than every other team. We don't give up. "
[I picture it like this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usWYn42JQBI)
"It kind of was. "
At least they're taking up their TOs
"this is my favorite one.

https://youtu.be/nTB-CjGgOxE"
one day at a motherfucking time is the way to go.
"I can't believe you think mech isn't viable just because marauders do damage vs mech. This was never a problem in HotS. Lotv has a lot of expanding and its difficult for mech to keep up because their plan used to be turtling on 3 bases and making a sick army. In legacy terrans just got to figure out a new playstyle. Maybe terrans won't be able to go mech right off the bat anymore, maybe they have to reach a certain point in the game to make an effective transition. Too soon to tell. "
"Won by first round RNC submission "
*she heads over to aym humming*
"Link please thanks! "
"&gt;Yes she is of British nationality.

Which makes her British."
"The text messages fall into the category of normal post rape behavior. People act strangely after rape, especially rape by a friend or acquaintance, including being in denial afterwards. Her texts do not indicate she was lying."
"Just to clarify at the Valve Content Showcase Valve will not be showing content.

Thanks."
EF is a challenger level team. C9 was at WCS for the last 3 years
"He rolled his eyes, picking her bag up as he walked to the barracks."
[deleted]
"Nice one, you've only gone and summoned Sauron mate, just what we fucking need."
"1 million dollar agence here. Full coverage of employee healthcare (cost to agency of 500-600 per month per employee), no employer contribution toward spousal coverage.

Limited raise schedule unfortunately, but generous PTO. 403b available, but no employer match."
There might also be a slight chance to get it from hextech crafting
"&gt; prayers are with you in this trying time. it's about ethics in tweeting above all else. (but actually though that blows xx)

...if you actually took the time to read the whole tweet (come on man, 140 characters max) you'd know that they were in fact kidding"
"Terrible call. "
FACK - Eminem
Maybe they'll take their annual Hawaii trip early to watch their dudes play in the Pro Bowl.
"Probably the smarter way to do things honestly.
Could be useful in some incidences possibly."
"Ela não precisa, mas ela tem alguns hobbies, tipo tricô e a mãe dela nega comprar a linha pra ela, o que eu acho absurdo pois a linha custa menos de 10 reais e ela tem o dinheiro e não tem motivos pra não comprar. Minha prima comprou um perfume com o dinheiro que juntou por meses (perfume de tipo 60 reais) e a mãe dela usou o negócio inteiro praticamente, ela ficou muito chateada e pediu outro perfume de aniversário, a mãe dela negou!!! Fiquei com dó e acabei dando o perfume pra ela, o que gerou uma grande discussão maaas isso é outra história, enfim, minha tia é muito muito muito MUITO pão dura."
Just take the no gain. What the flying fuck Hillman? Why is he even still in the fucking game?
"Just like forward progress. It's really hard to review a call that is purely a judgement call by the refs. "
"The fastest they were going was 10kph, you'd probably do more damage falling over @ running pace"
"Difficult my ass. I did it 39 and a half years with ZERO difficulty.  "
Okay but no one friggin replies in that thread. Only a few
Now I have to install this.
"Alright then, thanks a lot - I know of the damage calculator of course, but the images really help. "
You don't get a raise when you come off of probation. You just get to use sick leave and vacation time and can no longer be fired at will.
[deleted]
"Greek script? Looks nice, and thanks for providing a gloss! How long did it take you?"
"&gt; If a guy did this he'd be cuffed, spend a humiliating night in the drunk tank and be fined/do some community service. 

Or he'd be, you know, dead."
Artosis passion overlord.
"The anonymity of people in the net around us creates a weird impression on me sometimes, if not all the time.
I'm not interested in trolling or whatever, i am browsing conspiracy not because i believe in reptile overlords, but i believe the most interesting discussions can be had when leaving the main path.
It is human i think. Forgive me. Shall i delete my racist ramblings now? I dont care about some points on a server. I want some truth."
"It's a good dual monitor wallpaper, [here](http://i.imgur.com/9bygFlc.jpg) you go."
"I played a combo Marath deck in [multiplayer](http://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/marath-kills-you-all/) and have converted it to [French](http://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/marath-duel-of-the-wild/). You can click the links for my lists. Both decks are pretty much all in on the infinite combo, but in 1v1 I've won most of my games through combat damage and being aggro."
"I know. It's probably someone who didn't have permission to take a copy or something but it's still just nauseating. "
"Yeah hopefully the balance changes fix that.  I do like the core set value....  You get almost nothing in the xwing box, but you need it for the tokens and rulers.  
IA gives you everything for various skirmish lists. As with anything you need to spend heavy cash for something super competitive...  But at least 6ou get enough for a full 2 person skirmish in one box "
[deleted]
"This is crap, football is a simple game, doesn't need expensive crap associated with it, sometimes need to man up and take a bad call occasionally"
"[^(**Mouseover** or **click** to view the metric conversion for this comment)](http://fiddle.jshell.net/ConvertsToMetric/xhk4y5h5/show/light/?3%20US%20gallons%20=%2011.4%20L%0A ""3 US gallons = 11.4 L
Post feedback in /r/ToMetric"")"
"Just my opinion (all women are different)- you've got three approaches.  

One is if you have a trusted friend you could just ask her if she'd help you out.  You know better than anyone if there is anyone in your life like that. 

Two is to just to casually hook up with someone, which means being honest about it straight up.  Be like, I'm a virgin and I want to have sex. There are women out there who will think that's hot, and also there are others who will help you out just to be nice. But I would not try this casual approach on someone you want to seriously date or on someone you work with or is in your social circle (unless you are comfortable with everyone knowing this about you) because if the woman turns you down or gossips about it, it could be really embarrassing for you. This is not because you are embarrassing, but because some people are jerks. 

Three is if you are wanting to have sex within the context of a regular date or a relationship, well in that case it's not something I would tell on a first date.  I would go out and talk of more interesting things and get to know one another first.  It's a bigger deal for you than it is going to be for her- it's not something that is defining to your personality so don't try to think of it that way.  Go out, have a good time, get to know her, and don't bring it up right away.  It will probably come up naturally if you do this.  Then, once you are actually in the situation of knowing that you are going to have sex with this woman, you will have a better sense of when it is best to talk to her about it.  It might be something you don't tell her until afterwards or it might be something you tell her as the clothes are coming off or it might be something you tell her before you do anything.  What makes YOU more comfortable? What makes HER more comfortable?

Keep in mind that it isn't actually such a big deal to anyone else.  It would not be a dealbreaker for anyone except a jerk.  The only thing that makes it even an issue at all is that you have less experience than most men your age, and it might be a good idea to let the woman know this so that she can expect to see your skills grow.  Enthusiasm and conscientiousness will make learning skills fun for both of you, but at some point (before, after depending on the situation) it's probably a good idea to let her know so that she can expect that.  Plus, she might find it really exciting.

Good luck, and congrats on your new body.

"
"Right on. "
Nah. The opposite of love is hate. The opposite of caring is indifference. Love and hate both require you to care.
"Why does everyone think David Blatt got shafted? Doesn't he get his 3-5m/year contract paid out by the Cavs?

It's probably a good thing, he has a finals run on his resume as a first year coach as well as his numerous championships in Europe, and now he gets to coach a younger team who might actually buy in to his system. If I was him I'd be relieved, coaching LeBron on a contender as a first year coach in the NBA was probably stressful as fuck."
Otulp.
Oh - that football...
"S's are ""observant"" lmao."
"How about Clemson? They are close enough that you can take a weekend and go see them play, plus, they play teams in your geographic footprint. Also, since you mentioned your service to our country(Thank you), Clemson military history may interest you. 
http://www.clemson.edu/about/military.html"
"Eh, I guess it's what's to be expected for the first time, but they have been doing it weekly for a while already. It's high time they learned a few techniques to last a bit longer."
"*DX12 patch to be released 'soon'
"
"Ok, I understand.  Thanks and I'll be interested when the reals answer!"
"I imagined a season that takes place in a world not unlike our own, where everyone has access to marvelous technology and lead consumer lives. I saw a world that had lost all connection to the spirit world and bending became obsolete. I thought that in that kind of world the avatar would be a story of spiritual awakening, where the powers that benefit from the apathy of the population try to suppress the awakening and maintain control.

but

Legend of Korra ends with a stronger than ever connection between the worlds and new esoteric bending techniques being developed next to world changing technology.

The change in setting achieved in one lifetime was impressive between the series, the change in setting that takes place within the second series was amazing, wherever the writers choose to go I think it will be fantastic and like you all am eagerly waiting for the avatars return"
"So a random 28-year-old wanders into a elementary school and goes to the gym? 

Nah, more likely he's twelve. "
"Really? It seems really, really strange that they'd only play one new song, considering the tour is to promote their new album. "
"Going to add to this list because I like it; dude wants soho too:  
  
[Parm, cozy seating in the back.](http://www.parmnyc.com/location/mulberry-street/)  
[Rubirosa pizza on the same street.](http://www.rubirosanyc.com/)  
[Macbar if you're feeling cheesy.](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Macbar/@40.7233479,-73.9972157,17z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x471a61e5eb0a9646)  
[Delicatessen makes a fantastic Reuben on toasted marbled rye.](http://www.delicatessennyc.com/)"
"It's not rocky 7. Its about Apollo creeds kid trying to live up to his dad's legacy. "
"&gt;Where does it seem like it would be realistic

I said tactical. They organized attacks and worked together. Not something you're actually going to do in an RPG.


You can argue all you want that we are wrong for taking it that way but are we to blame or the marketing for failing to get its message across properly?
"
[deleted]
This game scared the crap out of me when I was 12
I work for Europol here in the Hague!
"what a fucking catalog this man possesses. it's absolutely ICREDIBLE "
"lol, I hate it when I forget passwords or my method stops working.. It is good to see you again and I won't tip you this time as you ask, but I will see you again my fellow shibe:) "
"Indian state wins 'baby-friendly' award

---

&gt;* The southern Indian state of Kerala has won international praise for its efforts to persuade women to return to breastfeeding.

&gt;* The award refers to Kerala's success in reducing infant death and disease by encouraging natural methods and by regulating baby foods, feeding bottles and plastic teats.

&gt;* The announcement was formally made by State Governor Sikander Bakht at a ceremony in the city of Kochi on Thursday.

&gt;* Kerala was quick off the mark, setting up a state-level task force in March 1993, and training doctors and health-workers to promote breastfeeding among new mothers.

&gt;* Unicef and WHO assessors found 622 hospitals in Kerala, more than 90% of the state's maternity facilities, to be ""baby-friendly"", far above the 80% requirement for the award.



---



Here are some other news items:^credits ^to ^u-sr33

&gt; * [The Woman's Hospital of Texas Welcomes Its Record-Breaking Baby Number 11,000](http://news.sys-con.com/node/3613085)

&gt; * [We're ""Counting UP"" To A Record-Breaking 11,000 Babies in 2015!](http://news.sys-con.com/node/3604542)

---

^I'm ^a ^bot ^| [^Message ^Creator](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sallurocks) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/hunkdivine/samacharbot2) ^| ^Did ^I ^just ^break? ^See ^how ^you ^can ^help! ^Visit ^the ^source ^and ^check ^out ^the ^Readme"
"This is intriguing. Thanks. "
[deleted]
"You mean unlike all those funny shows that are not enjoyable? "
"Ah I just noticed it was posted two days ago, I thought it was in addition to Sambinha"
not in inventory
"""Nope. Just started recently."" He says, sipping his coffee. ""I dunno, doesn't bother me much. I wasn't very social in the first place."""
i don't know it will be tight who ever wins the next one
"If I was a candidate that was opposing Bernie, I'd want the millennials to think Bernie has a handsome lead so they'll become lazy when it comes time to vote."
"736,114"
That's partisan politics for you.
I swear thriller bark is  the most underrated arc ever. Definitely one of my  top 3.
"This stinks of someone who went to a bar alone and wrote this imaginary scenario to kill the time because they were bored as fuck.

"
I'd add multiple spider summoning bell witches to the back of the area.
"[This one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bvq07KBfhnQ).  It was at the top of r/videos, but got removed because removed because people were revealing personal information."
Covenant of Champions.  The pillar in Majula that makes the game harder if you join it.
You mean 152. Ho-Oh was in the first episode homie.
"I'm running two of these in SLI. You don't need to buy anything extra, all you need comes with it. Trust me they are amazing."
"Hey! I was born ad raised in California. I need some more information if I am going to give you the most accurate response. Did you attend university? If so what was your concentration? Do you currently have a job in the UK? How old are you? Do you know where you would want to live? Northern California, or Southern California - Large city or medium - or a small town in the woods!"
"Nonsense. People loved and still love the Bounty Hunters, especially those who grew up on the OT. "
i'm a little interested / fearful of the stories about methodologies on behalf of the city.  how are they going to actually nudge the homeless away?
"The mourning better do what I want. "
"Not bad, I look forward to see what you do with it."
Hopefully they'll sort it out this year!
"Yep, but since the Protectorate has nothing for Novakids, it makes me wonder if the Novakids have a different beginning...

Also, you forgot Frogs."
"Original Work in Progress post here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Colorization/comments/1rz691/wip_father_receiving_purple_heart_vietnam/

Huge thanks to /u/RCcolor, /u/Axon350, /u/scientologist2, /u/zuzahin, and /u/jt663 for helping me identify colors/patches."
Agreed. I feel so sad when I read stories like this.
That's what I like about that case is its sleek blending to everything else near my tv.
"My professor said the same thing. However, if it's something of personal value that nobody else can provide and can't be obtained anywhere—like showing your aunt affection or a very personal (albeit worthless) painting—the court doesn't determine whether it's adequate. "
"My daughter is very similar.  She was never into dolls or Barbies.  She likes superheros and Legos.  But she works hard to make things aesthetically pleasing.  Her Lego houses are immaculately decorated.  Her superheros plant flower gardens and have pet bunnies.  It's a lovely combination of both worlds.
"
Was based on a much less complex 3-digit number. Sorry.
How much fun did you have starring as Ip Man?
This. Is. My. Life. I know that feel bro.
Not once a civil agreement has been made. That is my understanding anyway
They could afford a technocrane? but they couldn't afford good audio gear? That sounds fucked up to me.
I had to look that up lol. Thanks but yeah we do that a lot anyway lol
"Nope, not anymore. "
"Love that case. Have had it, myself, for a while now. Very sturdy, plenty of room, and even non-gamers compliment the case. 

Your case looks amazing and it fits so damn well in to the Fallout theme."
"Yeah, I've been trying to start a campaign in the Only War system, but my apartment size really kills having peeps over.  I made a post probably two years ago on the meet up, then here about a year ago.  Still trying to get it going!"
This guy makes me hate Lincoln cars...
"I've only broken more dx and pro d plastic in winter than I have in summer. "
Chilli beef and jalapeño?
[removed]
She's not a housewife but give me Rosie! She is so much fun.
[deleted]
"On whether Grobler will prioritise the 8+ or 4- 
&gt;Some argue that Grobler will continue with the M8 being the no.1 boat as it’s the only event he’s yet to win Olympic gold.

But what about the Sydney 2000 Olympics? Didn't GB win the gold then or was that boat not under his control at the time?"
No. But it's difficult to sustain. Good luck.
Nah
"I suppose as a Republican the Governor has made the only rational suggestion available.  I assume he has, at some point, said the people of Flint, as well as all of America, should stop electing politicians from the Democratic party which has poisoned the children of Flint.

That the poisoners of children should not be elected into positions of power and influence is something all rational people can get behind.  but, I would assume that fascists who demand that Governors control the culture of a cities with an iron fist will disagree."
but but but diversity is supposed to be a good thing.
Don't even.
"*Minerva shrugged.*

""If he's disposed of, maybe not. Ideally I would like to keep him alive and have him see that it would benefit him greatly if he were to either shut his business down or join me."""
[removed]
Excellent I'll look more into them thanks
Works today.  I had to redownload the safari bundle
Remove me please im joining aloha thanks for the inv tho :)
Richard Dawkins is my personal hero.
"Buy skins, bet against NiP. "
You buy them
"I have a Big Blue dive light that I like, it doesn't have a wide beam, but they make a bunch of lights. The [AL1100XWP](http://www.bigbluedivelights.com/products-detail.asp?Product=227) has a 120 degree beam angle and it's only $159.99, so within your budget. "
If bane was hit by the sunstrike would the damage have been spread even though bounty didn't take any damage? Or would he have taken solo sunstrike damage?
"Coaches will always stick together, it's a very tight knit fraternity"
"* Username: Chug2778
* Join date: 2012-10-16 17:30:34
* Link karma: 6
* Comment karma: 1340
* Confirmed trades: None
* Heatware: None

^^This ^^information ^^does ^^not ^^guarantee ^^a ^^successful ^^swap. ^^It ^^is ^^being ^^provided ^^to ^^help ^^potential ^^trade ^^partners ^^have ^^more ^^immediate ^^background ^^information ^^about ^^with ^^whom ^^they ^^are ^^swapping. ^^Please ^^be ^^sure ^^to ^^familiarize ^^yourself ^^with ^^the ^^[RULES](https://www.reddit.com/r/hardwareswap/wiki/rules/rules) ^^and ^^other ^^guides ^^on ^^the ^^[WIKI](https://www.reddit.com/r/hardwareswap/wiki/index)"
"From my understanding MSE has not preformed well lately.  I use uBlock and Malwarebytes, but prefer a sturdy well rated Antivirus; I just like some peace of mind I guess."
"Daft Punk, Macklemore, Justin Bieber and more have all been nominated or won. Even more have performed."
I don't even know if I could begin to speculate what kind of chain reaction that would set off and where we would be now if you did this...
"Cunning and baffling -- this poison "
"Your list is an abstraction. Talk about specific passages. "
"It's one of the more impressive cars in that price range.

Very rich people will want to buy this car."
Good point.
"Ive used a pound and I liked the honey flavor it imparted. For a blonde ale it might over power. 8-12oz seems right. Trial and error to your preference. Kinda like asking how much salt you put on your steak. Some want more some want less. "
"It definitely will. It worked for everyone in our boosting session. I guess it can also work with randoms in a server with not too many people, but in a full server with everyone just killing on their own that might be a rare scenario. "
[deleted]
"This is so true, especially the part about having women of different ages available at different times. Young? You have a huge selection of willing older women. Old? You'll be stunned at the specific attention you get from young girls. It's one helluva world."
"Yes, that's the one. I was on my phone and it doesn't like to copy YouTube links all that well..."
"Yeah definitely not the best but I saw em at a festival and they put on a pretty good show. "
Still sexy. This new one looks like a dildo with a plow
"I don't understand why you need to purchase these.
I saved my keys up from level 41 to prestige and ended up with 342...  that's 11 rare drops.  No need to spend a dime."
They... uh... [evolved](http://i.imgur.com/JqhKu6U.gifv)
"Probably hormones then. Females are fertile as young as 2.5months, and usually start getting agressive/hormonal at 5mon-1year. Some will have a sudden shift overnight; they will be fine, and then some trigger will set them off, and its like a totally different animal.

Ger her altered as soon as you can, that will help a lot. "
"Nose contouring is so over rated and tbh is ugly in real life 90% of the time. Anyway, bronzer is not a contour, don't think they are the same, you'll just have an orange nose."
This suggests that he wouldn't be arrested if he had stopped.
"Delivered by kittens?

Or just whatever size house they want for free?"
Do you ever get anything done? I use fast travel mainly to avoid ADD.
I think that's an actual color way man
"&gt; That is, all agents have exogenous, independent preferences. 

What alternative are you contemplating? I'm interested in your model."
MAYBE SHE'LL HAVE JESS'S BABY
"Wow, this is a dream project. Super clean and cheap to start with, then followed up by a great engine swap done to a high quality. Great car!"
"The pressures should be set to what it says in the manual.

If you are putting a heavy payload on the back (pillion or loaded topbox) it's a good idea to set them to the higher values.

Consult the manual in either case."
"I mean, you *did* kill gorefiend *after* we killed Archimonde with 45minutes less raiding. "
[deleted]
"Based on the US and Japanese trailer, I think at some point in the movie Judy is forced to quit the police force and goes back to her parent's carrot farm but Nick comes after her and convinces her to try again. Its that scene where they hug. I bet at the end of the movie when she comes back to the police force, she gets a better apartment than this one."
"just got back from birthright, beer bazaar in the shuk is a gem"
"肉体的にはそのとおりなんだけど、経済含む環境が……  
まぁ勢いで子供作っちゃっても、案外なんとかなるもんなんだろうけど"
"I don't entirely disagree. But if you're tailgating someone who has already almost fallen down multiple times..

What surprised me was how slowly the police applied the brakes."
but that scene wasn't repeated later in the same episode
"No, can't make sense of your comment."
Ozil
"INTERESTING.....I will think about this "
[removed]
"Ha, ok your a dick. You couldn't comprehend it huh? Seems like you and a couple other people understood just fine. I wasn't talking down to you so don't do it to me. 

Like I said if that hit was on Toussaint by Burfict you would expect that to be a penalty. Most of the time they throw a flag there. Say what you want, but a hit like that is almost always gets a flag thrown. I get that your defending your guy but most fans think that should have been a penalty, not just Bengals fans. Refs didn't call it and that's fine, refs miss and make calls they don't see all the time. But you being upset at the refs for making a mistake and blowing the whistle early is the same as me being upset at the refs for not calling what is typically a penalty. 

Yeah you coulda been up 22-0 if the refs didn't fuck that up, but Bengals could have got 15 yards there and been on the 6 and scored to make it 15-7 with three minutes in the 3rd if the refs didn't fuck up. Say what you want about dominant, most people that watched the game watched a tough defensive game where neither offense was able to do much. "
"What is the average at your store? Is it around 2:1? Or what is your experience of ""normal""? "
I'm glad! Coulthard is a good presenter. Now if only we can get Jake &amp; Eddie...
"Not violent rape. That's animalism. "
Is he a true number one?
"I think the red colour is from the red anti-corrosion paint, not rust. The colour is very even, rust would be way more random."
"DAE miss the imminent threat of nuclear annihilation, Libyans bombing planes and Iranians storming the US embassy in Tehran?"
"&gt;Aart, Bart, Cart, Dart, Eart...  That seems fine."
And that fish shit. And how bout the new mozzy sticks? And those chicken wraps they added a few years ago.
"Because some people prefer to believe things that are as close to reality as possible, regardless of how it makes them feel."
"I was too big for my trousers let alone my boots ;) "
"Sorry, had the wrong description :)"
"Lol ok. Redmond made a great defensive play but Toews was just too good for him clearly. "
"Add me in "
"Black Stetsons usually denote the bad guy. 

"
"We need an Internet Lawyer™, you say? Calling /u/kylejack "
Yeah fat lot of good that did. News flash: games are still being banned in Australia due to censorship.
"Tanto, Justice, Breaker, Paragon, etc.

The real reason we all hate Cyborgs:  THE IFV SPAM IS REAL."
"Oxford's definition of child is moderately ambiguous, yes. It hardly supports *your* narrative. 

All of its listed examples refer to after-birth scenarios. 

&gt;Example sentences

&gt;-   The ultrasound probe is used mainly for head scanning of newborn babies and young children.

&gt;-    Malnourishment prevents a child from reaching full mental and physical development.

&gt;-    Is it inevitable when a baby or a young child gets these autoantibodies that they go on to develop diabetes?

How many examples, Wiki or otherwise, do you think I need to prove this wrong? 

&gt;And no intelligent person calls a 9 month pregnancy a fetus. It's a child.

Hint: It's 1. If there is contention over the definition, *your statement is wrong*. Also very simple. "
"I don't think it is wildly unreasonable to suggest even Han is strong with the force, albeit untrained. Nor is it unreasonable that force-sensitives don't pop up. There has, after all, been an awakening in the Force... Which we only assume, at this point, is Rey, but could be something much larger.

And while Star Wars movies have historically been a story about the Skywalkers, I don't think the Force has ever been  linked to genetics, specifically, either..."
"Thank you! I'm reading Swamps of Dagobah at the moment, and will be moving on to this once I've finished. The perfect way to start my day!"
"The punishment guidelines in the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act come from its template, the Espionage Act of 1917. The Wire Fraud part of that act pre-dates the internet and was meant to protect bank-to-bank transfers (mainly automated teller machines). It was never meant for the laundry list of other things they've used it for - violating terms of service, using a cell phone (really, as a phone) can constitute as a computational device and thus be used in wire fraud (the case involved pimping a minor, but how the fuck is that wire fraud!?), etc."
"It seems like the OP didn't bother to get a copy of the contract, as he pretty much ignores questions of whether or not the contract stated specific locations and merely doesn't *believe* it had a clause that the parking situation is subject to change.

That being said, jcar's imagery of [""big swinging dick atticus finch""](https://np.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/40cd30/university_scamming_students_howwhere_do_we_fight/cyt59v0) is seriously causing me to reevaluate how I watch Gregory Peck in To Kill A Mockingbird."
[deleted]
"I think next time (if ever) someone asks me about my religious affiliation I'll go with, ""Critical Thinker"" rather than atheist, since it doesn't seem like theists can understand the idea of not believing in a deity, we should probably make an effort to dumb it down for them, assuming that in the moment that is your target audience."
If only we were so lucky.
"&gt; If yes, she should call her insurance company and let them fight it out.

This is the way to go *if* she has collision insurance.  If not then it won't help.  I don't know if there is any way to force the other parties insurance company to process the claim other than to sue the other party."
"Blackberry Kush "
"It's good.

I guess some people can't deal with it being rather slow and meticulous, though."
"I have sent several follow up emails, all of which have been ignored."
"For some reason this post was removed by the automoderator, so I never got a notification about it, hence late reply.

&gt;  I had a 1/3 chance of picking the correct door. No matter how many incorrect doors I'm shown, doesnt change that probability.

This is a correct statement. Nothing changes the probability that you picked the correct door. The question is what is the probability the other door is a winner? Is it 2/3 or is it 1/3? If it's 1/3 then both choices are equivalent, i.e. the choice to stay or switch is a 50/50 shot. Of course, if the probability is 2/3 your twice as likely to win by switching.

Whether the loosing doors are shown by random chance or design *does* effect the probability that the other door is a winner. In Monte Hall, if you picked a losing door initially (2/3 chance), then the remaining door *must* be the winner. If you picked the wining door (1/3), then the other door *must* be a loser. Thus there is a 2/3 chance the other door is the winner. Now, if the revealed door was chosen randomly, suppose you picked a loser first (2/3): then the chances you were shown a loosing door in that scenario were 1/2, so you expect the other door to be a winner (1/2)(2/3) = 1/3 of the time. If you pick a winner first (1/3), then the revealed door must have been a loser, so you expect the other door to be a winner 1/3 of the time. So, no matter what door you picked, the chance of the *other* door being a winner is 1/3 when they're chosen randomly, as opposed to 2/3 in the Monte Hall case.

Random Monte Hall is the same thing as DOND but with fewer choices, and indeed in both cases when the losers are shown randomly you end up with a 50/50 shot. Perhaps an important conceptual point to observe is that in both games, when you make the specification that the doors are revealed randomly, you are presupposing a very specific scenario at the end of the game. In regular Monte Hall, *every* contestant finds themselves with a choice between two doors where they are twice as likely to win if they switch. In random Monte Hall, only *some* contestants will find themselves in the situation of making that final choice between doors, because there is a chance the winning door would be revealed rather than a losing door. In the case of DOND, *most* contestants reveal the winning case before their final choice. Thus, the contestant who *does* end up with a choice between two cases has to take into account the unlikeliness that they found themselves in that situation, and that affects their predicted probability that the other case is a winner. Indeed, the chances of them getting to that point in the game after choosing a losing case are *exactly* as unlikely as them choosing the winning case to begin with, and hence they're not sure which case is more likely to have the winner."
It's also great because Lex clearly has Bruce fooled into dismissing him. It's a good introduction to Luthor. The guy is able to hide from the god damn Batman
If I were you I'd lay low for a few months until we have some data points.
"Always the goldsmaid never the gold. "
"Well, the comments I replied to are far down from the original comment, so I hadn't realized what it said when I replied. My reply was just to the people talking about Liss and Veigar's ults."
"Fuck it, a whole month of Love Live previews? Man, I want those Puyo Puyo spoilers."
"es una paja buscar fuentes de radio, y son varias cosas. lo menciono varias veces en su programa. lo dijo un par de veces si mal no recuerdo despues del ballotage. 

lo de las renovaciones, cada par de años acercandose diciembre.

edit: aca esta una de las veces que hablo del tema.
http://www.victorhugomorales.com.ar/mi-continuidad-en-radio-continental-en-2016/"
Lel there's actually quite a few ppl mutually like who dafuq r u?
"Puede que robar no sea la intencion de la CUP, pero con su voto ayudara a los que si lo hacen. El compañero acierta al remarcar que el latrocinio es tanto foraneo como desde dentro de catalunya. Otra cosa es que, por las razones que sean, la CUP haya decidido taparse los ojos...
"
"Amazon sells them, if he's willing to try them!  (Check my default wishlist...I think that's one of the only ones they sell.)"
Too soon 😢
"Waiting about a month or two for top players to burn a couple bil on it and then start training once it's cheaper, quick/easy/cheap methods are discovered. Otherwise, the same skilling/PvM/trimp comp stuff I've been doing, but all the while mourning the loss of my max/comp cape. I'm also hoping that some skills temporarily get cheaper, but I'm not counting on it."
"My world has 6 months per year, each month has 5 weeks of 10 days. Each year elds up being exactly 300 days.

Days are calculated by the sun, and my weeks are calculated by the lunar cycles. The 6 months are each ""ruled"" by a god, with a monthly celebration to their graces.
The world has no tilt (or else very little), so seasons are the same worldwide

The seasons are believed to come from the nature goddess based on a fable. 
The fable tells where the world started off cold, she saw a man freezing and fell in love with him. She used her powers to warm the world for him.
 Every month they would meet. One month he did now show, and she was so hurt she pulled the warmth from the world. The mans brother explained he died so she gave back the warmth, but still morns her lost love for 2 months each year."
Radical Orthodoxy is the worst.
[deleted]
"How on earth do you run to This Ain't a Scene? That song is so slow compared to the rest "
How about neither unions or corprations being allowed to finance the political process?
What the fuck? They talking shit about our food in Germany? I'll fight anyone m8.
Working on it.
"Community college, if you have a high school diploma ir GED you're in. You can even do online courses with some. Please don't try Kaplan and other ones you've seen on TV. After finishing your basics (you'll qualify for financial aid) you can transfer to a Uni to finish off. 100% chance some university will accept you as a transfer student. "
"Meh. It's the only title they've won in awhile. "
"This bug, it's that the history files make some random dude in Khotan related to a German count. so if he dies with no heir, Germany inherits it. it's been in the game since Horse Lords released. "
"It does when blizzard crams a entire expansion into a patch and a half. "
"Nyheter Idag avslöjade att DN suttit på tips som de avfärdat som SD-falsarier. DN tvingades att agera. "
"Actually what's interesting is that the previous generation, who were born in the decade or so after the war weren't really taught about it. One of the managers in my last job was in her mid to late 40s (if not pushing 50s) and she was telling me that for a lot of her childhood, they just weren't told about it and it was only when Germany started getting international television broadcasts that they started hearing about it. Her parents and their generation, who would have lived during the war, just didn't talk about it. "
"No, because he has it set to open as a menu. If he clicked it, it would just show a list of drives. See the little arrow on the right side of the button?"
"That's most likely because your statement was true feminist, it didn't offend anyone and promoted gender equality. /R/feminism mod team is largely third wave, more female empowerment than gender equality. Think tumblr and buzzfeed. "
Are you kidding? Raymond is one of the best units in FE7.
"Thank you! I got off pretty lucky, I think, and just managed to get a free lesson on things to watch out for in the future."
[removed]
"No performance difference at all really. Just some added features that really aren't that useful for an HTPC build. The onboard audio is roughly the same as well between the two. Only other thing I'd advise is dual channel RAM (2X4GB kit) if you can fit it into your budget
"
How on Earth is something like this even legal?
"I signed it.  There are still a ton of people just now watching the show, so don't discount a continuing ground swell of newfound supporters."
"It's hard to believe this is a serious post. "
we share a boat my friend.
dm;sf
"Half a million isn't really all that much though. I mean, it's not small change or anything, but it's not like you can live off of it for life. You need about 2million to do that. Still, good for your age, but a lot of the comments make it seem like you're super rich and it just shows how little they seem to know about finances. "
[deleted]
Sorry but english is not my first language. Also fuck you
"This. "
"The nuprol one is good but sadly has no trades. Maybe you could get a trademarked cover and battery housing but that would get quite spenny

Edit: I believe the cover is called the shroud for people googling for it. "
Someone got reaaaally overzealous with Photoshop there.
"taylorpsmith#1710

I'd be interested in joining a similar group. Add me in game or pm to talk more."
"Cry it out is not supported by child development research for infants that young. Those parents need to read up more, and wait till that kid gets older before letting them cry themselves to sleep. "
Stooooopid.
07/08 team looks sick
"I agree. Not anything flashy, just solid, quantifiable growth out of this season"
"I've been doing the same thing, and wishing there was an option to type in Japanese! 

I sent a message to a Japanese player today to tell him how much I enjoyed our squidbagging, that one may be a little harder to translate."
"I don't know anything about this Free Company, but as a resident of Sargatanas, I would really advise you to avoid this server.
Yes, it is a legacy server, but the population is relatively low, the casual community is pretty much dead, and the hardcore/end-game community is extremely toxic.

No, it is not a EU server.

I would advise trying Excalibur, Leviathan or Balmung (if you're into RP).

Good day."
"Sadly, that's true. I'm hoping we can design him to a long term deal but if we can't, franchise tag him."
"Really? I absolutely LOVE gorgon. To get it gold was a blast and actually got a nuclear in the process. While it doesn't compete pre-patch it's still a very viable gun if used correctly. "
"Have we been able to tick them off the list yet?

If not, we should."
I'll hold it for them for two hours then it is all yours!
I DIDN'T KNOW THIS WAS A FACTS THREAD.
"Don't advise people to do this, this is illegal."
"I'm curious as to what the count will be for the orange/greens. I'm partial to the red version, but yeah, the white version is where it's at."
:D
"Mmh, do you by any chance know how to record a round of DM in-game?

edit: already found it! :)"
"From my understanding current South Africa is slightly better than 90's South Africa. Of course, I would not know since I have never lived in South Africa."
"I don't get it either. I think maybe most of them are TOO successful - they lost the fire, the passion. It's like they just expected gold to roll off their tongues, and there are scenes of them literally lined up like they are on a stage reading lines waiting for someone to take over. That said, Terry for President - that guy can't not make me happy."
"What is the best way to lower my Nitrite levels while I wait for the tank to cycle?

 A little more context: I added 4 more red tip tetras to my 10 gallon tank yesterday to bring my total tetra count to 6. I added about 10mL of SafeStart Tetra then went today. This morning I tested the water and the Nitrite levels have spiked and all of the fish are hanging out on the top. I quickly did a water change (25%) and added an additional 5mL of Safestart but have yet to retest the water. Is there anything else I can do while I wait for the bacteria to get rid of the Nitrite? Also how deadly is Nitrite poisoning compared to ammonia poisoning?

One more thing: yes I have already cycled my tank for a month so I believe that this spike is due to the new fish. (and ammonia levels are almost 0)"
"I can't tell whether you're trolling. "
"I think that latter point is what he is saying (at least I hope it is). He means someone who one of the other finalists thought was a goat, but their ""goat"" won"
"&gt;it's labor

Indeed it is. I already work 40-50 hours a week, I don't really feel like adding even more labor in my life.


I often wonder whether I'm aromantic or just very pragmatic because I find the whole ordeal of ""earning a girl's love"" a pool of bullshit. The idea itself is stupid: you have to convince someone you're worth dating/marrying/sexing, not much unlike a sometimes not so subtle sales pitch."
"""I'm not bleeding am I?""

""Oh shit, he's bleeding."" 

Lost it "
"Blame WW2? After WW2 Europe wasn't fucked up. It was in ruins, ye, but fucked up? No. The USSR acknowledged the borders from before 1941, except Polands, and claimed the countries that it had, almost singlehandely, defeated to be in its sphere of influence. Is that not fair? It was more fair than what the US did after the war, like removing democrattically elected presidents and giving dictator powers. Here I am thinking about 9/11 And that is just 1 time. You also staged incidents, just to go to war in foreign countries. Americans are always talking about how they saved Europe in WW2, but fact is that when the US entered the war in Europe and the lend-lease act was up and running all the desisive battles on the Eastern front was won. Kursk was won, and Stalingrad was reduced to a sideshow, like the War in N.A. The USSR and Britain could have won in 1946 or early 1947.

I think that every country should start reworking old laws. Recently Denmark removed a law that allowed us to kill Swedes crossing the Frozen belts. If you do not clean up in your stuff, it just gets messy. I could go to the US and start calling the police everytime I saw someone breaking the Flagcode, and it would cost the US tons of resources.

Your government can be respected without the Flag laws. Can it not?

Why should we start blaring our news all over the world? It is kind of a stupid thing to do. Is it not? It is just another thing that went wrong for the US, not a problem with the country, but a problem with the people."
"&gt;unless you play ~~cs;go~~ ~~dota2~~ any game

ftfy"
[deleted]
"I highly recommend [this](https://www.amazon.com/Zoom-iQ7-Mid-Side-Microphone-Devices/dp/B00S9WNULM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1452528610&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=ZOOM+IQ7) or [this](http://www.sweetwater.com/store/detail/iQ6?adpos=1o1&amp;creative=55397965321&amp;device=c&amp;matchtype=&amp;network=g&amp;gclid=CLbwgtiSosoCFYMDaQodoWkCfw) if you have an iPhone. They're the same capsules as the zoom standalone recorders, but you can use different apps to record, manage, and play with your sounds."
[deleted]
"Ah cool, I was recording at the time so had a quick look and I've not lost a huge amount of fuselage or wings but there's one weapon offline and I remember the ship feeling very ""drifty"". Genuinely took me a few minutes before I realised just how fast I was going, I usually don't pay too much attention to the number!  "
"I would love that, and the perfect outfit too just fits varus very well imo."
"This feels normal. You get numb to it. "
LOL!  Props for using the best young QB in football but I thought you were rolling with DC Tebow.
[deleted]
"Good? "
Indy represent!!!...but not for that for duck's sake.
[removed]
[deleted]
Youre forgetting Adrian. The important one who made up for Rush's high aggression/low warding playstyle.
Epic
Say it in 20 words or less!
"In addition to mediation, there's also arbitration and conflict resolution. Mediation, arbitration and conflict resolution (Alternative Dispute Resolution) has become over the last few years. Today, about 95% of cases are settled before trial through some form of ADR and half of the states either require or encourage parties to undertake ADR prior to trial or normal litigation. While you don't have to be an attorney to conduct mediation or arbitration and some paralegals become mediators and arbitrators, paralegals can and do assist attorneys who have ADR cases much in the same way they'd assist during a normal trial. There are also companies out there that offer online mediation that may hire people with paralegal education and experience to become mediators and arbitrators. The days of arbitration may be coming to an end though because the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) has been looking for a way to end arbitration-only clauses in consumer contracts and allow consumers to once again litigate their issues before a court.

There's also the opportunity for a paralegal become a volunteer legal advocate once they complete the training for it. Every agency is different in terms of the training the provide, how long it lasts and how much they charge for it (the charge is to help defray the costs of providing it) and they can even help cover the cost of the training or waive it altogether if need be because it's more important to have the person than it is to have the money given there's a huge need for volunteer legal advocates. That's aid, you don't have to be a paralegal to be a volunteer legal advocate. Anyone, with the proper training, can do it."
"Might have been me. I was testing it out in a few PvP games. "
Its on riots side of things so its impossible.
Such as?
[deleted]
It would offend others with the disease.
We can be number 2 and have homefield in EVERY situation but Denver vs NE.
Cold-blooded.
It used to have one. It was removed because of PS3 limitations. :(
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Master player here, I actually go for 19 armor pen on rengar. 

Lee is a debatable case, but riven and yasuo should not go for armor pen.

Another important thing: Armor pen can be considered as scaling AD as it's weaker early and getting stronger late game"
[removed]
How are you going to do that? That would be awesome by the way!
"Oh, nice, I didn't know that one! I didn't figure out the value of having a high sneak skill until Skyrim, though. Young me just loved hitting things in the face until they stopped moving. "
Forte!
"exactly, that's why i want something that is soldered on, not something that will unplug at both ends."
Did it hit yet
[deleted]
"Are you really saying that Tatooine is just a generic desert planet, and that all the CGI used in the prequels was the best option for the film?  There was never a time where maybe they went a little overboard with it?  What about the conveyor belt scene in Clones? Was that really necessary? 

Really though I don't care about the use of CGI that much, though it certainly doesn't age as well as more practical effects.  My biggest prequel complaint is the lack of a decent or even a mediocre story.

I want to touch on the ""generic sci-fi desert planet"" thing you have going on again.  You know when Star Wars was released in 1977 the whole ""desert planet"" trope wasnt really that common, especially not as common as it is today.  Stuff like Dune in 1965 was based around a desert planet, but that was a book not a major Hollywood production.  You may thinking now looking at all the modern and recent adaptions of desert planets that they are generic sci-fi settings now but that would really only be the case because of early users like Dune and Star Wars.

Complaining about Star Wars using a generic desert planet would be like complaining about Tolkein using a generic villain, the orcs, in his works.  It may be generic today but at the time it certainly wasn't. "
But Violet shouldn't lipsynced at least once
The ignition on a propane grill. I've seen people but a brand new grill because the ignition doesn't work. Have they heard of grill lighter or match?
"The wikis already been editted. Nothing like a good word play to honor the dead. "
[removed]
"Hahaha well done he beat a relegation-threatened team with an interim manager. 

I still want him out. 1 win in 8+ games is not good enough especially against the calibre of teams we've been against."
"A German magician who went by the name Topaz.
EDIT: Topas"
"Some newer phones like the S6 and Turbo 2 are coming with up to 15w chargers now. To be fair, I'm not sure if this is sustained 15w output, or just burst output with them reverting to 10w after extended use though."
"I fucking love Gio. "
this dude is actually a retard
"I would consider the insurance costs also. I was between the Civic, Jetta, and a Camry. The Civic was going to cost me $230 a month while the Jetta cost me $140.
"
85 yard pick 6
"I would start with something along the lines of Wikstrand, a 2nd and work from there."
"Asymmetries is usually due to an underperforming bodypart so it's obviously weaker if being the case. Use one handed isolation movements. For instance my left lat used to be about 2 inches thicker (Because the brachialisw would give out quicker in my right arm on rows and pulldowns) than my right, so I started doing one arm dumbell rows, starting with the weak side first, picking the heaviest weight for 3x8, when switching the other side felt like it could do about 5/6 reps more but no matter what I'd always stop at 3x8 to match the weaker side. Did this the weaker side eventually caught up through linear progression."
[deleted]
"Pirlo (and his dog ) are not impressed ,,,


http://i.imgur.com/9UKUEZ7.jpg
"
"Thanks, I will try out BC and see if that helps. I hope you get the help you need too! I'm taking 150mg of Wellbutrin right now and it seems to help except up until ""shark week"". Then all bets are off and I become an emotional mess!"
"I only wear a watch to PT but I can't imagine not having one. 

For people that bitch about meaningless stuff like OP, the supply sergeant should have some on hand to issue. "
Anyone see that Walter Thurmond pick6? Fuck u eli. Lol
Because be put da team on his back
*This*
Absolutely classic divisional game red-zone pick 6. Saw that coming as soon as that block was blown.
"Theoretisch wird dort studiert, praktisch wandert aber immer mehr in die umliegenden Gebäude. Das Schloss selbst hat durch die fixe Breite des ""Gebäudeschlauchs"" nur recht wenig Platz für einen wirklich großen Hörsaal. Und da die Bachelorstudiengänge sich sehr viele Grundlagen-Vorlesungen teilen, müssen diese Riesen-Vorlesungen oft in die umliegenden Bauten wandern. Es befinden sich allerdings einige größere Bibliotheken im Schloss (BWL, Jura, ...) Einige Lehrstühle haben ihre Büros im Schloss und es gibt auch einige kleinere Seminarräume. Vor allem in den Masterstudiengängen werden die öfter benutzt, da die Gruppen naturgemäß kleiner sind. Im Mittelteil ist außerdem noch ein Schlossmuseum und im Teil Ehrenhof-West ist eine Kirche.

Disclaimer: Ich habe BWL (Bachelor) und Wirtschaftsinformatik (Master) in Mannheim studiert, meine Erfahrungen beziehen sich also primär auf den östlichen Teil des Schlosses, kann sein, dass die andere Hälfte ganz anders ist."
"Go to a sketchy dive bar, make some new friends, let's get this started."
"Would have said yes, but since this is only advertisement i'll downvote... Make a New thread with only the queation and without the ads and one could discuss"
"What about the movie ""Her""?"
Now feel bad.
"1. Sherpa, Cheese, Noob, Vet (Veteran), Floater (Guy who helps kills enemies), Relic Runner, Swordbearer, DPS, Agro, Tank, loot Nerf, Buff

2. Cheese, lag, glitch

3. Xurned, Xurner (Something you call someone when they buy something of value from xur in a derogatory way) "
"oh god, please tell me you don't vote in the states"
MingLee ill bring barrage MingLee
Well Thompson is a very good returner so I guarantee he stays
perfection... more please!!
God bless the G.O.D!
"Seriously. I don't want him to go because I think he's bad at his job. I want him to go because those 11 grandkids seem like more fun then watching this offensive and defensive line try and play pro football. "
Thank you for your two cents! I have yet to deal with ZFS or HDD Arrays to feel comfortable buying a massive amount of a drive. My main area is networking and hardware other than hard drives.
Your sister is just being childish because she's jealous that you purchased your father an awesome gift that she knows he will greatly appreciate. She has never had such foresight and is now angry because she literally would have never thought of doing what you did.
This is known already.
Yeah... On PC I can pin apps on Share List. On WP I can't. :/
What'd you say? I can't hear you over all the riots going on in your city.
"How many names can you drop in a single essay?  These names must be familiar to other academics I suppose to lend credibility to his narrative.  Is Alberto Embriz de Salvatierra *(that translates to Save the Earth!)* supposed to be a familiar name?

Anyhow, all these concepts have been floating around the blogosphere for years, there's nothing new in this piece."
"We had both been previously sealed, then divorced. That makes it complicated."
Right on man thanks. Know when 4.11 will be released?
bro y dnt u read or something
Good point. Lets keep Davis upright.
Defense playing lights out. I'd go for it... In Madden
"Oh oh I see the piece! Let me put it in. "
"They are all overrated, good call. "
Who should I be rooting for in Jets Bills?
Corperal Michael Alvarez.
"Happy birthday. "
That worked out well for them
"Take a look at some of the concepts from [Joby Aviation](http://www.jobyaviation.com/). I saw them present at a conference in Santa Cruz, and my feeling was that they were about 10 years ahead of current trends and interests.

It would be great if drones could be a little quieter; for my purposes, it would make them easier to use around animals. But I think there is an inherent sound component in the way that rotors generate thrust that can't be eliminated completely. Adding more blades per rotor seems to help (see the Bebop vs. the Phantom), but air makes noise when it moves or comes under compression.

There is a significant market force selecting for quadcopters, as they deliver the greatest stability and mechanical efficiency per dollar at the moment (although lacking in redundancy). If batteries, sensors, and/or propulsion systems become more affordable in the future, it could change the default design to something like the hexacopter or the Y6, which would offer a measure of redundancy in flight.

Chris Anderson of 3D Robotics said that ""Drones + ? = Profit,"" meaning that he believes virtually anything can be plugged into the drone equation at this point and come out positively on the other side. Being something more of a pessimist than Mr. Anderson, I say it's not a universal equation (drones + hot beverage delivery would probably not be a fantastic idea with current systems, and from personal experience, drones + dogs = a lot of noise and urine), but he's got the basic idea.

As more and more technology becomes miniaturized, it enters into the range of things that drones can carry and implement, whether we're talking about sensors, processors, cameras, or anything else. 
Edit: I remembered where I was going with the miniaturization comment. It would be nice to see some sort of Mode C equivalent transponder that we can put inside drones. It would be a shortcut for some of the current United States airspace regulations."
"Good to see some other smash players who are fans of Jules (and rock/metal guitar covers in general). He's an awesome YouTuber, for those who are into this kind of music you need to check him out. He's got over 100 covers and tons of awesome medleys! Glad to see him uploading again. "
"They have to squawk loudly before the battle. It's not worth it if no one sees it. Almost like my after New Year's Facebook feed where if you don't post your in the gym it apparently doesn't count as a workout. "
"https://pcpartpicker.com/parts/memory/#Z=16384002&amp;t=14&amp;s=403200
"
"*As Amethyst's body was promptly put in display for her, Avandula's jaw nearly hit the floor as she turned scarlet. Her drunk mind getting far more worked up than it wouldn't have, her eyes drank deep in the sights that were lay bare in front of her. Her heart pounded fiercely against her chest, her body shuddered as goosebumps ran across her, her staring quite obvious, yet she didn't care. All that was in her mind was this girl's body and how desperately she desired it. Once her friend had approached she had a hard time tearing her eyes off of her...points of interest, forcing herself will all her mental might to look at the faunus and smile lightly, gulping nervously as she did so.* ""G-good....job...."" *She uttered.*"
"Currently 5'3"", crossing my fingers for such a growth spurt."
"I updated the previous post, in case you don't go back to it, you should."
"Going by his negative comment history, I imagine it's not just people on this post who think he's a bit of a tit. He has to be trolling at this point. He's literally argued with every comment in this thread."
[deleted]
"We are so lucky "
"naturally you need top, and sole, and then scrunched sole to judge. most here will ask for specified photo to rate. id rate high though even with the difficult photos"
"**Mobile Suit Gundam: The 08th MS Team (12/12)**

For a show that the fanbase almost universally praises to be the best of the franchise, I just don't see it. The concept is really nice, the setting was great and definitely had this Vietnam war esque vibe to it, the animation and action sequences were for the most part solid with the use of tactics in a jungle/desert environment and the Gouf city battle being the big highlight moment of the series. It was definitely one of the more grounded Gundam entries with the higher reliance on bullet based weaponry with no Newtype magic. But as far as praises go that would be about it. The biggest problem I have with 08th MS is the atmosphere. For a show that is supposed to be a realistic depiction of your everyday soldiers in the OYW, the show felt more like Shiro and his buddies go on an adventure. The show never really felt serious or really displays the hardships of trying to survive the OYW as your average grunt with some exceptions such as when Shiro first landed on Earth and the Gouf battle. The characters generally ranged from being meh to just outright terrible. For the main cast, Shiro started off fairly strong with episode 2 being a great highlight for him and the hints of his past was potentially interesting, but by the half way point he became so incredibly preachy and just outright retarded with his viewpoint especially having seen what his past was like that I couldn't care for him anymore. While his moments against the Gouf ace was cool to see, but that was just about it for Shiro in most of the second half. For the rest of the 08th MS squad, they received so little to no development that it made it impossible to honestly care for them. Aina never really had much going for her to be honest and her brother was an outright joke of an antagonist. Norris Packard was a stand out among the rough for being an all around badass ace with his Gouf. 

The romance subplot was so incredibly rushed and laughable that I could never take it seriously. And sadly unlike the other Gundam series, you can't use Newtypes drawn to each other to partially explain why the development happens so fast. And the worst part is that it sacrificed much of what could have been a potentially great show depicting the struggles of an everyday soldier in the OYW in one of the harshest environments on Earth. Rather than trying to come off as showing that war is hell, the show felt more like romanticizing it.  

And don't even get me started on how utterly retarded the ending was for being the most realistic depiction in the Gundam franchise. 0080 does a much better job at showing a realistic depiction. 

Rather than being a realistic depiction of the OYW from the perspective of your everyday soldiers, it was basically a bad attempt at Romeo and Juliet with giant robots. Maybe with better pacing or more episodes it could have been a lot better. (6/10)  

**Mobile Suit Gundam F91 (1/1)**

The show looked amazing and had some godly animation sequences. The MS designs, especially for the Crossbone Vanguard looked great and the F91 itself was cool to see with the Metal Peel-off Effect in action. As for everything else, not much to say other than it was a complete mess of trying to fit a full length series into a single movie. The pacing became absolutely terrible by a third in. Definitely a huge amount of untapped potential in Late UC. (4/10)
"
We should've accepted that penalty is an automatic first down id have trade first and ten for a  few yards
Haha. You seem like a dick. (´･ω･`)
Yeah but the TD pass will be to Decker.
"I would imagine the banner you will see is the banner of the country. Then if you hover over you get the entire roster.

I remember once in Silverstag I think. I was enrolled in an army of a marshal and suddenly there was a feast. After the feast was done everyone that was at the feast was one entire army. In other words the army I was enrolled in was over 1000 men large. And when my contract ended I left the army, and I had like 700 men on my own even though I only had like 30. "
"Greetings Michael, pleased to make your acquaintance. I am Vishum 'Taham."
[deleted]
"Any of the division rivals from the various sport subreddits "
"Oh alright cool, thank you!"
"the hype would be amazing but the match would be so depressing, nobody wants to see the people's champ get dumpstered"
i worry for the future
East Of Eden.  I would love to experience it for the first time again!
"Here here, it needs be 1:25 already"
"Me gustaria, si queda algun lugar me prendo !"
these announcers already fucking knew they jinxed them about turnovers
*NSFL
Right? ....Fuck what happened?
Holy shit you are dumb.
"removed, missing a price in the ducky shine.

do not repost, reply to this comment when you have edited it in"
Muslims*
"Great plays. "
Pornographer!
"I pretty much stopped buying whites so that I don't have to worry about it. I have a couple white clothes, but I rarely wear them."
I like it. It's lightweight and it gets the job done. Nice work!
WTF
I have never experienced the laxative effect. It makes me sad. lol.
"After the michael vick situation, i couldn't look at any person in the NFL the same. Take Aaron Hernandez for instance. Everyone loved how he played but then he got arrested for gun crimes and now I can't trust many of the players. It makes me lose confidence that they are doing what is right and makes me not trust them."
"Well shit man, you should've used the Master Ball or at least an Ultra Ball. No wonder you didn't catch him."
The Scorpion King certainly does. I'm so excited. My time is now!
"An extra note on this:

A Jewish history prof of mine always described the *actual* loss of the ten tribes as either ahistoric or insignificant - just a piece of a Kingdom being taken over by a neighbouring empire, with the local population likely assimilating into that empire. Pretty standard stuff.

But the *search* for the mythical lost tribe is of great historical significance, especially in light of medieval attempts to locate them which, as well as the *claim to be a lost tribe* by various groups across the world (none of which are likely to have historical validity) are all very interesting and worthy of study."
"How do you make such a nice looking first map? I can only so shit and hammer feels so clunky "
"alright, I can't imagine anything to put in the wiki at this moment. Perhaps in the future when we see a need for it."
You're too much man! ahahaha
"This is from being lazy and feeding individual +eggs, happens to me all the time."
"Because I got high, because I got high, because I got [hiiiiiigh!](https://45.media.tumblr.com/8394e337ce45130a9a48c78a37d24a5a/tumblr_n067vhfXKE1s6oifzo1_500.gif) "
"On the last day of high school somebody took a dump in a coffee mug and causally placed it among all of the lockers. 

This was forever referred to as ""poop in a cup in a corner"""
"I was thinking full builds, similar to the bottom of the hero page.

But I didn't know about the specific talents!! Thanks for that!"
"The Wall is weeks travel away for most of them. I believe at least 2 weeks travel from Winterfell, let alone Kings Landing. How do you figure they'll find out? In a way that would be dramatically interesting and intense? I've been struggling with that one."
It's the third movie. The only comics I know of are the Freddy vs Jason vs Ash ones.
"[Couple at harbor](https://www.google.com/search?q=couple+at+harbor&amp;client=ms-android-att-us&amp;prmd=ivn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiQpe_fuo7KAhVO9WMKHdL1AFgQ_AUIBygB) maybe? 

But if you study how light works in general, you'll be able to light it yourself. :) of course, that's a bit of a longer term project. "
**FIRST DOWN!!! BARNYARDAGE!!**
Why are they talking about this
"Does not matter that he returned the ball into the endzone. There was a whistle blown, so the Texans will just get the ball at the spot *if* it is ruled a fumble."
$10? I'd do it for $5!
Try putting up a PF for that trial saying you need the clear to continue with the story and have poetics bonus. People should jump on that cause we need poetics for our anima weapons.
"""Kway-way"""
"To be fair, there is a lot of automation in OnStar. The appeal of the service is being able to talk to a real human instead of a robot."
"I'm probably not going to lose the beard until I lose about 100 lbs, but I mostly agree with everything else."
"I've recently started putting 2x into my Kiki-chord sideboard.  It seems really good there.  The deck typically has a couple walls out by the time worship would hit the board and they could be tough to remove for many decks.  I haven't played it yet, but it'll be in my side this Friday.  "
Doubt it.
U smaht
"* A) Click on Start button.
* B) Enter services.msc in Start search option.
* C) Right click the Diagnostics Policy Services and start the services."
"I think the gear VR is a ""true"" virtual reality headset...

Don't get me wrong Rift CV1 will be better for sure but don't hate on Gear VR lol. They are teamed up with Oculus and have Oculus home after all."
Beautiful
"Yasuo and Malphite. "
"&gt;&gt; And the flight captain who shook his hand was ~~Harrison Ford~~ ~~Albert~~ Albit Einstein

He's wicked smaht."
Happy birthday! I've been going through a bunch of stuff but generally I've come up with a better mindset and realisation of my actions.
"No. Samsung doesn't drastically change their Android skin just because they use OLED. I don't see why Apple would need to either. "
"It would be funny if someone misheard them: ""That was a nice KLAN meeting, don't you agree Barbara?"""
"When people say ""Mum"" instead of ""Mom"""
He means... fuck!
"No friends? How comes? Was this a concious decision, or did the relationship mean you had to isolate yourself? Perhaps it's time to start investing your time in meeting new people, at least that way you can occupy your mind with different company"
You meant /r/blup !
"I watched some of that let's play series, he was probably freaking out because the night stalkers were small and fast. In a normal game they only do a little bit of damage and aren't that big a deal. But if the special rules are you can't heal.... all that little damage adds up. 

I think he ended up taking most of his damage from like random dogs and tunnelers, because they were hard to hit (due to size)."
"It's not Anthony doing it.  It's the Hunter.  "
Oh really? Cheers for the clarification.
Work towards barrow gloves bro
Like it needs a spanking.
"TIL having kasich-like numbers in New Hampshire makes you a contender. Even if you can put aside bridgegate and his atrocious performance as governor, do you really think republicans wanna go the Romney route again? Republican Governor from a blue state? Didn't really work out that great last time. "
Lo criaron a mayonesa hasta los 15.
"Its not caused by injury, that's the thing, it's caused by over use. "
"I have never voted, ever, or even donated. That has not and will not be the case with Bernie. "
"It would be cool if one could assign a settler to a ""repair station"" (i.e. sturges) and he then will go about maintaining the settlements hardware: Goto broken thing -&gt; repair -&gt; go to station -&gt; get the materials used -&gt; goto next broken thing... 

Would make for a nice, immersive way to have this tediousness automated, no?"
"Where the fuck have you been past 2 years?
"
"All hail the Princess of Crows. "
"shocker "
"If they didn't show John as a Terminator in the Genesys marketing, there wouldn't be that much else to show - it was a huge part of the movie, and revealed around 30 minutes in, and most of the big action scenes would've been off-limits (or not have shown any of the characters). And, all you know is that they're mimicking him, not that he's actually been turned evil."
http://requisitefitness.com/team-member/anne-marie-aponte/
"Have you ever noticed the eye spawning at the same time as the acolyte? The eye even being way further than the acolyte is standing. It happened a bunch of times on my four HM oryx runs "
"You failed to reply to me, lol. I know he isn't, I think GC Watkins is better than both. "
"Really liked the pic with the facial hair. You're attractive, would probably use the term cute to describe you (which is not a bad thing at all), and would most likely fancy you in real life. so don't feel so bad!"
[deleted]
"I have a 13 inch retina mid 2014 MacBook Pro. Works fine, not that much of a problem and graphics are good if you use the dynamic resolution mod"
Sith lord confirmed.
"Especially since hiring the most qualified takes a back seat to ""diversity"". "
"Exactly, so why's he logging more ice time than our best offensive talents?"
"Actually, I was wrong before - I pay $30 a month but this is with a military discount. I'm 100% sure they always have similar priced deals going on though. Make sure it's month to month and don't buy into any of the personal training shit. WSC is a little more expensive, and in my experience, a little more shitty. "
Not at what he got paid.... no.  He would have been great to retain but the old rookie salary structure really fucked the Lions.
"Here, made a few other versions. I switched a few to the 4 stars and 6 streets. Also the last one I took the actual colors from the current city flag (I thought it looked a little too British before)

http://imgur.com/a/jp2Xg"
"~~Apart from that of the law.  Which says they can't, provided the strike has been properly arranged~~

https://www.gov.uk/industrial-action-strikes/your-employment-rights-during-industrial-action

Looks like I got the wrong end of the stick "
[deleted]
"Driving for the first time (and all times the month after) *is* freaking awesome. It's just that the novelty wears out eventually. "
Mmmm. Perfect.
"Asking the big questions!

To be fair he is also dead but still walking and talking."
id like them to be faster to use like on legacy where you can use them by having your weapon on
"There is no scare tactics. I work in the tire industry. You get less tire for the money. Same manufacturer, yes. Just less tread usually. Michelin is the only company I've seen to honor a mileage warranty. They're the best ! "
"he's going to have to use his middle name on his resume, unless his middle name is tyrone."
I hate to be a dick. Just kidding. This writer seems like the kind of person who blames everything on racism. I mean the blog is called black foodie and talks of experiencing food through a black lens. we're racializing food now?
"Because those suicides would never have been carried out without access to guns, right?"
"Most cigarette brands do animal testing, but there are some who don't. In my country those would be American Spirit and Pueblo, no idea if they're available in other parts of the world."
They have servers/exchanges in North Korea? How is a proxy even possible?
I think every NFL fan everywhere cares at least a little bit about the glorious rollercoaster of his career.
ばさしおいしいよぉ…
"As a Mnk main, here are some of my perspectives on the job as is.

Pluses:

* Mnk, in my opinion, is the greatest sustained DPS in the game that is really no longer hindered by a lot of things that made it weak in certain content (Jumps, downtime, etc.). 

* Mnk is probably the most independent DPS in the game; it buffs itself and doesn't rely on outside TP sources as some of the other physical classes.

* Mnk offers pretty good defensive utility and fits into a good combo if you're rocking Pld/War tanks (In fact, DK + RoH + Storm's is better than (Excuse my for not remembering Drk's -int move ;-;) + Storm's).

Some negatives:

* Mnk is still really heavily dependent on maintaining our stacks.

* Mnk's defensive utility is kinda meh when your group can consistently survive content (as its entirely defensive based).

* Most of the 3.0 abilities for Mnk focused on fixing the issues of what made it aggravating in 2.x; stack maintenance and down time boredom. Whereas, after playing Drg to 57 now, Drg has been given a huge arsenal.

A part of me is pleased with the current melee meta. When my static progressed in content though Final coils, we actually brought in 2 Mnks simply because it did extreme amounts of damage. 

However, like people say, they're all viable but given Mnk's current lack of utility in the raid space, it may fall off. I think if people really wanted to start picking Mnk over a Drg/Nin combo (in the ideal, picture perfect raid comp), Mnk needs to be given greater offensive utility and I don't think it should have its DPS just beefed up some more - **answering your question, I don't think in the current DPS potentials, Mnk doesn;t do enough overall DPS to guarantee a spot over Drg/Nin in groups.** 

Expanding upon Mnk's utility issue: I think Mnk already has the abilities that could be expanded upon, giving it a utility edge in content; Mantra and One Ilm Punch.

* For Mantra, there's a couple of issues. One, the fact that its area of effect is too small and often times only hits a handful of party members. Secondly, 20% healing, while nice, isn't that desired among healers/tanks/other DPS per say. My suggestion (and this is the suggestion I consider to be the more extreme of the two) is to allow Mantra to extend the effect of the Mnk's current Fist. This would be beneficial in allowing the raid to take 10% less damage OR 5% more outward DPS (On par with Ast's AoE Balance)... and maybe make the healing thing apply if using fist of wind. This idea also wouldn't double stack fist of fire/earth/wind on Mnk, so it wouldn't see DPS increase.

* The other suggestion is to fix One Ilm Punch. There isn't any feasible content (I'll probably have to come back and edit this after the first person replies) where this move is applicable outside of PvP and that's not even considering its absurd 120 TP cost. I also would go as far as to say I hope they don't make content requiring dispelling, as it would force groups into having a Mnk. Instead, either turn OIP into either an off-GCD (Or on, Idc) move that extends all current detrimental effects on the target by 50% of its CASTED value. This utility move isn't ground breaking either, but allows Mnk to synergize with every class in the game, allowing 90% of other jobs to perform their DPS-strong combos instead of reapplying dots/vulns, etc.

Edit: formatting issue"
So it's over for all intents and purposes.
"When and where? 

SWK's clone just walks at you and basic attacks you till it vanishes or you get annoyed and kill it yourself."
"I'll never understand that mindset. Just use the privacy settings and it's a pretty enjoyable service. Mine only shows me what and who I'm interested in keeping up with. "
"You inspired me to make a playlist in iTunes -- Songs for Sara. Order will probably change a bit, but I've got the following.

1.  Visions of Johanna
1.  Love Minus Zero/No Limit
1.  On A Night Like This
1.  Sad Eyed Lady of the Lowlands
1.  Wedding Song
1.  You're a Big Girl Now
1.  Idiot Wind
1.  You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You Go
1. Going, Going, Gone
1. Sara
1. Abandoned Love
1. If You See Her, Say Hello
1. Simple Twist of Fate

It's incredible to see all of the great songs Sara inspired... I'm sure there are more to add, but this seems to set up the narrative that I have in my mind of their relationship. "
Thank you 9th grade English teacher
"""Zero people will notice a difference ... and my boss will write me up for leaving a cap off a bottle the next day"". Literally me 3 years ago, man. My wife told me ""it has great benefits"". Then after sucking out my soul at work came home to her fucking another man. Quit the job!! Doing work that you love and is appreciated will change your life, remind you that there is purpose and reason. Start today! "
"Jeg har i og for sig ikke noget imod at politikere modtager høje lønninger, mit problem er i stedet med det faktum at det er dem selv som fastsætter dem. Det burde være baseret på landets median indkomts, således at de havde et ordentligt incitament for at få den hævet, til hele landets glæde."
They might well be but instead of being rude to me why not suggest what skills op would need.
"No, they can't be done on a 1 def pure, you need to do fremennik trials which gives defence xp."
Probably Jonathan Torrens as Blackpeopletwitter
"
Thanks for your reply!! See my longer reply above :)."
At least most of the donated $ doesn't go to administrative costs.
"Gaddafi got exactly what he deserved and the only misfortune was that he brought the country down with him. He set it up that way after all. Before that rabid dog was put down he was calling the people of Benghazi insects and other exterminatory language. Some pater patriae. Hopefully one day Kim Jong-Un will be killed by his own people too. "
"Sorry, it not super obvious. The graphs one at the bottom. He uses particle systems to graph specific functions. After a few he animatea them, you should be all set!"
Hell yeah. I can't wait for barbershop 3
You can also check the description in the video if you wanna watch it on yt.
"I can't predict the future, so I don't know who I want. If our new coach can help us get a superbowl, I don't care if it's Tom Kruz inventor of the hoveround"
"Well, it's a week and a half until the first book time... go read it! I'll even get you the page number, it's on 206 in the paperback version. "
"My memory and cognition professor told our class last summer that essentially, all they found was that over time your, your brain would ""improve"" but only at the very specific tasks associated with each game i.e. Your spatial orientation won't get better, but you'll be able to direct a penguin on a spinning maze platform. Whose to say that's not a pertinent life skill?"
I can make a decent prediction that there will be a headliner at least one of the nights
ceva ceva Bobby Tables
"He blushes.

""Want to kiss some more?"" "
"I really wish I knew to be honest. I've seen 2010+ mill trucks beat to a damn pulp essentially. Covered in mill dust, not a straight body panel on it, but only 15,000 miles and a crazy amount of running hours. My guess is the trucks live the majority of their live on the steel mill property transporting workers, tools, etc and just get abused 24/7 all while never being down for maintenance at any point."
"I'm actually working on two perfumes to use up right now. One is a trial size, which is ok, but nothing really in the long run and one is a bodyspray-ish type of thing (Lemon-ginger).
I barely have perfume samples as the stores here are bot that generous with samples (one gives out vouchers for their online store instead) or give scents that I really don't like. "
"Monkey bread. "
"Same time zone, probably after 6pm today."
980 Ti. $3200 CAD. Doesn't go nearly as far.
"""no rugrats"""
"&gt; Inevitably: President Mom.

THE /r/connieforpresident MOVEMENT IS GROWING"
"&gt;I could of been playing right now instead of waiting for my shitty Australian internet to download.  
  
Idk what you mean by that.. you mean if you didnt impulse-buy it on the US store ""after waiting all day"" it would have magically appeared on the EU store 1-2 weeks early, downloaded and installed on your ps4? ;)
  
but anyways, I personally dont use twitter either, but I know *of* twitter. its this huge media outlet pretty much *every single company in the world* uses."
"Sadly, no. I have brought dishonor to the title of dungeon master..."
oh great what did larry do this time?
ALL I WANT IS PLAY DESTINY WHILE GETTING LAID. PLEASE RNGESSUS!
"Cascada, every time we touch because it gets me effing pumped up."
"You don't think China would have a response? "
"Isto

Apesar de nao apoiar este governo estou de acordo com esta ideia. É um incentivo para o turismo nacional 3 dias nao da tempo para ir viajar para outros paises mas é um bom periodo para irem um fim de semana a uma terrinha aqui ao lado.

Mas feriados juntos ao fim de semana sexta/segunda nada de pontes."
"More like trying to make every hero a teamfight hero which can look deceptively like synergy in the right context.

And then making Void....something. OSFrog."
I have 5 and cp. what's your psn?
Now we just need someone to write an app to track the pity timer!  :)
Are you sure they aren't waiting for cold hands and the white walkers?
"I think it doesnt work for CS GO.
Some of my games does not appear... like AC 1"
"I had a public defender once who said the same thing to me, ended up on 3 years probation and spend a bunch of money. I called a real attorney who said for 5k we could mostly win I just didn't have any money. "
This year will go to Eddie Redmayne.
Because Valkyrie isn't out yet. Hence why it's being included in PRE-orders of the Rift.
"For StarCraft 2 there used to exist a special subreddit that just listed tournaments and their vods so you could watch a tournament easily. As far as we can recall they even linked to bogus youtube videos to make every series as large as it could be (So a best of 5 always had 5 links, even it if ended in 3 games the last two then were to random videos.)"
"Exactly the same issue for me, except what I do to fix it every time I start ACT is go into the FFXIV plugin settings and manually select the Process ID. This seems to fix it for me."
[deleted]
[deleted]
I actually know someone who was called Noel and he named his son Leon. I thought it was cool... And they are both cool names..
"Not great. When I said ""wouldn't recommend"" I meant I wouldn't recommend dropping out. I basically sit at home all day and help take care of my dad who has medical problems. I don't leave the house much, also don't have much confidence in my ability to return to school at some point because I'm just shot when it comes to anything academic. I feel like I'd have to learn everything all over again. "
RemindMe! David cross presale
"Scythe lets you protect range whole fight because of its 2 tile range, except for the last phase when you pray switch. Also, are you using a yak? An adrenaline pot can also be helpful, especially in the last 25k of phase 4. Use brawler aura if you can, and I also prefer reaper's necklace over AoS if you have one. Ring of Vigour switch is useful. Sign of life. Storm shards from Mazcab ability codex can be stacked on the boss for up to 10 stacks, and you can Shatter them on Araxxi when she's around 25k hp to pretty much skip the shadow core phase."
:-) I'd love to!!!!
this. primary and sub can switch anytime they want as long as both of them agree
"[This site lets you build custom plates with ever IO port you can imagine] (http://www.datapro.net/cgi-bin/plate_designer)

I saved the link for then I finally get around to adding it to my desk."
[deleted]
"It says ""tactical awareness"", which is actually the same thing."
Or maybe https://shop.oculus.com/
"I think you have the most with you when you are born.
My upbringing was not good and i never learned anything about life and I didnt know that religions existed.
But despite that I live very ""morally"". I have never stolen anything, I have never used violence, and I have never lied about anything.
Yes, Im an atheist :)"
"Yeah it's a bit of a shitpost. "
"SUltan&gt;&gt;&gt; Oxygen

I was using Oxygen almost since first day till december. Now I'm using Sultan and it's great (maybe battery life is a little bit worse)"
"GSLP IS TOO ADVANCED IN THIS CASE. "
Nice timing with the teasers then. Really nice rit'0
"My anger issues. I lose all self control when I get mad, I'm generally a very kind and caring guy. I don't want people to fear me, its just that I have a bit too much of my dad in me."
"don't even have a ball to admit mistake and apologize, instead thinking for 3 hours to make this shit statement bullshit ROFL
"
"So would you just replace the chair with a voice recording?

Who would the players appeal to? That's certainly not something that's new with technology players have been doing that since there was an ump in the chair

You're not going to make the game any less dramatic just because technology comes back out, or by replacing every non competitive human element with a robot"
"Kill yourself? No - I hope that was a joke or just being dramatic. You need to make guy friends your own age. Make friends with the guys in the pictures on FB and get invited to the parties with 20 girls. Go out and do fun stuff with them and that will lead to meeting girls. Girls need to see you as a fun guy with friends and a job, not the creepy loner approaching them at the gym or a bar. 21 is not old at all. You have plenty of time. Change your outlook and attitude and your life will change for the better."
Haha excellent negging...Anthony please let me be the one to send u pix
This bitch is havin' Nun of your shit fo sho'.
Glorious
"Gigantdeath#2688 want help going to help the next when I got him

[Eu]

"
Enhance.  Enhance.  Enhance.
"What does being a captain have to do with it? In Calgary he was very sketchy and often times bringing his team down with his lack of effort and play followed by bursts of points. In the end he was neither a positive or negative effect for the Flames. He was simply a good goal scorer especially on the power play.

Dave Andreychuk was the captain of the Lightning and won them a cup against Calgary. As far as results go he was a better captain despite Iginla's experience.

I'm not saying they both don't deserve to be in but Andreychuck deserves to be in first.

Iginla isn't a championship player."
"I do this to SOs because it's gut-bustingly, side-splittingly, uproariously hilarious to me, but never actually making foot-to-face contact. Maybe keeping it about half a foot (hah!) away from the face? And if they don't like it, I never do it again. Sometimes they bite my toes. I dunno if that means they like it or not.

Uh, anyway, what I'm trying to say is, she should respect your boundaries."
"20 downtokes...absolutely no substantive rebuttals.

Everyone wants to feel like a special little independent thinker. Partisanship feels grimy to them so they skew reality and fall back on the middleground fallacy.

http://content.time.com/time/health/article/0,8599,1968042,00.html

https://reason.com/archives/2004/10/20/pathologizing-conservatism

http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/intersection/2011/09/07/your-brain-on-politics-the-cognitive-neuroscience-of-liberals-and-conservatives/

One side is empirically more rational than the other. Case dismissed."
I never understood the American way of publishing the names of lottery winners. Here in Finland you just go and collect your winnings and nobody will know.
"He was such a good sport in this clip.  He played along while offering fun banter and he genuinely engaged with the interviewer.  All this while sitting through a long day of promoting a Mission Impossible movie through a hundred more interviews.  Good job, Pegg.  You're a class act."
"I missed your comment earlier but wanted to mention that this is exactly what I did.  I maxed out 2015 as well as 2016 and put my initial contributions into what my account says is a prime money market (Settlement Fund).  Can this be transferred into money for a mutual fund? "
Thanks!
"True what you say for the most part. However, the game is not only revolving around the gems purchase. You have also to take into account the fact that there is exclusive card that are fairly powerful that can only be obtain on special occasion that will require you to invest a shit load of money.

But if you want to have ""normal"" cards, what you explained is very true. You will only need time and patience and not fall into the arm of temptation.

Maybe it was my main mistake. And the fact the I don't have decent guild to improve my deck pool. 

But we cannot denied the fact that along the last months, more and more special creature and special event have been released that are requiring a huge amount of gems.

thank you for your explanation anyway. I am currently in this state of mind since a month I am still playing the game cause I enjoy the last features (except for Valhalla) and the overhaul mechanics. We will see if patience is worth my while and I am currently farming like crazy the Oceanus 50/100 shards.

Wait and see. But I must admit that my disappointment was huge.

Was nice Reading you man



"
[deleted]
"For the most part yes.  The biggest difference between Clinton and Obama, was that Clinton found a way to work with Newt Gingrich and the Republican congress.  Obama has never been able to crack that nut.  But I don't blame Obama for that.  These Republican Congresses are doing what they were elected to do:  Not Govern.  That was their campaign promise, and that is what they are determined to do."
Haru arc better not ruin what we have here. Chitoge is and will always be best girl. I really hope Rakue realizes that she's the only one he really feels happy and in love with.
"Photographer anti-consumerist over here. I 'get' this post, but I just want to say it feels a tad silly. Preparing your subject for a photoshoot is fairly standard practice. 

Sure, I'd prefer authenticity in food photography, but it's not going to happen. If I touch up a photo, am I trying to psychologically manipulate the people looking at it? I sure hope not. "
When I went through the scene/emo faze the right side of my face would always be lighter than the left side because I had my hair over my eye at all times
Just said knee
Deep.
"Can someone tell Lisa her mic has been fucked all game. "
"Usually with stretchy medical tubing of the same style, you can put it in some warm soapy water and it will slide right off."
"You expecting some cartoony whoosh sound? Swing a sword in real life without hitting anything, unless you swing stupid fast it is soundless as well, unless it's a shitty sword that gathers enough air resistance."
"I'll take 1/4"". What twist?

Saving this for when I shoot out my barrel."
TL;DR. -  Man kills pawnbroker. Has breakdown
[deleted]
One of the many reasons I want Bernie to win is at least 4 more years of Larry David impressions.
When was the last time machinima was even relevant?
"Just buy a bottle of water from him, and the art be included. Let's say, $125"
"If that were their preference, they would have stayed there in the first place. "
Dune
Yep.
[deleted]
I'm a teen.
"Nice shitpost. "
we have an ARMA3SYNC repo - we actually have some of our own modified mods running as well as some specific keys.  I recommend TS and talking to members for some help.
"Civil disobedience isn't a factor in most protests.   Occupations would be illegal, but also qualitatively distinct from threatening to kill anyone."
"Same price, higher performance:

[PCPartPicker part list](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/qcqs99) / [Price breakdown by merchant](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/qcqs99/by_merchant/)

Type|Item|Price
:----|:----|:----
**CPU** | [Intel Core i5-6600K 3.5GHz Quad-Core Processor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80662i56600k) | $263.98 @ OutletPC 
**CPU Cooler** | [Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO 82.9 CFM Sleeve Bearing CPU Cooler](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cooler-master-cpu-cooler-rr212e20pkr2) | $24.88 @ OutletPC 
**Motherboard** | [Asus Z170 PRO GAMING ATX LGA1151 Motherboard](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/asus-motherboard-z170progaming) | $162.99 @ Directron 
**Memory** | [G.Skill Ripjaws V Series 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR4-2400 Memory](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/gskill-memory-f42400c15d16gvr) | $84.89 @ OutletPC 
**Storage** | [Samsung 850 EVO-Series 250GB 2.5"" Solid State Drive](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/samsung-internal-hard-drive-mz75e250bam) | $84.88 @ OutletPC 
**Storage** | [Western Digital Caviar Blue 1TB 3.5"" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/western-digital-internal-hard-drive-wd10ezex) | $49.98 @ OutletPC 
**Storage** | [Western Digital Caviar Blue 1TB 3.5"" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/western-digital-internal-hard-drive-wd10ezex) | $49.98 @ OutletPC 
**Video Card** | [Sapphire Radeon R9 390 8GB Nitro Video Card](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/sapphire-video-card-100382ntoc2l) | $309.99 @ SuperBiiz 
**Case** | [Thermaltake Core V71 ATX Full Tower Case](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/thermaltake-case-ca1b600f1wn00) | $89.99 @ Newegg 
**Power Supply** | [EVGA SuperNOVA G2 650W 80+ Gold Certified Fully-Modular ATX Power Supply](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-220g20650y1) | $84.98 @ Newegg 
**Monitor** | [Asus VG248QE 144Hz 24.0"" Monitor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/asus-monitor-vg248qe) | $262.98 @ B&amp;H 
 | *Prices include shipping, taxes, rebates, and discounts* |
 | Total (before mail-in rebates) | $1529.52
 | Mail-in rebates | -$60.00
 | **Total** | **$1469.52**
 | Generated by [PCPartPicker](http://pcpartpicker.com) 2016-01-09 18:58 EST-0500 |

i5-6600k instead of i5-4690k (roughly 5-10% more powerful and it's based on latest Intel platform). Sapphire R9 390 Nitro instead of MSI (they perform about the same, just that Nitro happens to be cheaper), 2x 1TB drives rather than a single 3TB one (you don't want to lose all your data in case it failed and 2 separate drives make it safer). Supernova G2 650 instead of mediocre Corsair CS 850 (you really don't even need more than 550W and build quality is more important than sheer power). "
"Add people from chat, you get to borrow a monster of their choice every 24hrs. Adding people with good monsters will allow you to pass scenario stages long before you could with your own monsters and farm dungeons way above your level.

Makes progression faster.

Had a friend do this; he added random people from chat while auto-farming scearioes for runes, within 3 days of starting he had maxxed out his friends list, and had 20+ high level monsters he could use."
"A general tip is to email your librarian.  They're usually very eager to help and are good at research.  They've helped me out before in this kind of scenario.  "
"What about shrinking the size of it and increasing the size of the up vote button?  It's stupid but it might discourage more people from clicking it.

Do the mods have the tools to be able to tell if a change like this would impact the number of up votes/down votes for posts?"
"Lol,  it is a reddit username. Don't sweat it. "
"my point was that it wasn't necessary to say that.  Just about every hotel in the industry has a 3PM check in, people know that when they are walking up.  When you start your response with what sounds like some form of ""no"" to a guest request, you can expect combat.  "
Here's the pixel art http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=589095323
I think he's being a dick and trying to show us why he pulled hoyer in the beginning.
At least I can have solace in if we got to the playoffs it would have probably been worse for us.
Try going to the account maintenance site and resending. Mine eventually sent.
Well thank you xx
"I've been there, my friend. It's not pretty."
Hoyer cannot throw tonight
"Hey man, I play an army that uses the craftworld warhost as well, just some things that I think you should consider
1- bright lance on your vyper, it may be correct if it is your only armor piercing thing however it's a one shot gun on a fragile base I like either getting the starcannon for the AP 2 or sticking with the cannon for the min spent on vyper which is just meh compared to a lot of options we have. 
2- upgrading the jetbikes weapons is really useful! Either upgrade is good I like scatter lasers better because volume of shots at the longer range is awesome.
3- your aspect host formation is not very optimal for using close combat and we aren't that great at it, I recommend using warp spiders and swooping hawks along with dire avengers and dark reapers in some combination using the +1 BS 
4- I think using a wraithknight is hard not to do. Maybe just because I like the model. Maybe because it is undercosted for how insane it is. I would use this in lieu of the fire prisms personally as he will inflict a lot more damage. 

All that bring said play what you like man. Eldar have a wealth of strong units that work well in lots of situations you just have to find the way you like to play."
"I'm in the UK, due July 1st. I'll be getting a mix of spring/wintery things and summer things just in case there's actually sunshine "
"Same here, was more of a mention to Bogs owners. He has been struggling with his shot"
"So, should I root for Bengals or Steelers?"
"Wow I am surprise about the clutch part.

Kyrie is always a really clutch player by my impression, I thought he is at least similar to Steph in this part, didn't really expect him to lose both in points and FG%"
Where do I get one?
He's asking because it's required to have an asking price for anything you're selling.
Exactly.
Fuck off
"She kidnapped the kids from the father who contacted police almost immediately. "
"When they wear out, they click and bang like a *MOTHERFUCKER*"
That Houston fan didn't even bother picking his hat back up.
[I shall attempt to restrain my glee involving your implied sex and knowledge of German armor circa 1939-1945.](http://i.imgur.com/meAhjTt.gif)
"Yes, he is a god, if it wasn't for Scott, we wouldn't be here."
Does your keepsaked bat necklace still give off bats when you walk?
"Legendary gear doesn't have exotic perks. "
Low persistence and low latency. No drift and 10x the polling rate on the sensors for much better tracking. Plus some other software improvements like Asynchronous TimeWarp. No Cardboard set offers any of this. It's a night and day difference. I can't even touch Cardboard now.
"The proper distance?

Hey moon, give us some personal space! 

Thanks,

Earth"
"Says the guy whose starting point guard has no knees and a broken face. "
OOC: It's Frankie.
I got to shoot one of their shows a couple weeks ago. Such an entertaining live show.
"I'm hesitant to call exports sports because I think in order to be a true sport you need to have that athletic part of it that requires a lot of physical skill.

I don't disagree that it is similar to a sport in the competitiveness and the amount of practice required. I just think it at best belongs in a separate subdivision from real sports."
jungkook and i.m
"\&gt;reads game time

\&gt;readjusts glasses

\&gt;reads it again

\&gt;lol wtf"
[deleted]
"My parents never exactly told me how much it was but I think is was somewhere in the area of about 300k usd (not 100% sure though) as for the second one, no I have not had any lasting effects as honestly they treated me well compared to other cases I have read about. "
u2 i love u
"I'd love a late night chippy, probably more than I'd want late night Italian (sorry /u/eyeofdelphi) (except maybe pizza, of course). "
Yeah...........no.
"&gt; Most jumped on the invincibles bandwagon and now they're stuck

So those born after the Invincibles era can't be Arsenal fans?"
"&gt;Competition.

Like Gameworks."
the fire gifs are really cute
There is a rank change megathread stickied on the right side of this subs banner. Check it out.
East Bloc best bloc you scrub
"Yasuo's ult puts you outside of tower range if possible.  Since Lissandra was right against the wall, Yasuo was placed across it."
Appreciate it.
"Seriously, I think Aldo has proven himself to be a better overall fighter than RDA and against stiffer competition."
that should have been 6
"You deserve all the upvotes "
Welcome to my world 😂
Aw man thanks for such a long list! I'll be sure to check these out
"Dakota County Technical College racetrack Minnesota. "
"Thank you, JimblesSpaghetti, for your submission. Unfortunately, your submission has been removed for the following reason:

* **Breach of Rule #6** - All content must be relevant to what is usually discussed here on its own. Also, unrelated content, blatant reposts/fads, concern trolling, especially unoriginal or low-effort content (including simple website or software bugs) will be removed. Reaction images are not allowed as submissions unless they are high effort or very original. This rule is to be enforced at moderator discretion.



For information regarding this and similar issues please see the subreddit rules on the sidebar to the right. If you have any questions, [please feel free to message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/pcmasterrace). Thank you."
What's considered spammy? I thought using lots of projectiles to rack up damage was just Link's playstyle.
"Was the Broken Giant grinding your question for anyone or for Ontrevant? Just in case you want to know, if you're a POSI, grinding the [Riding the Savage Cobbles](http://fallenlondon.wikia.com/wiki/Category%3ARiding_the_Savage_Cobbles) at Ladybones Road will net 7 Bottles in the carousel. You just need sufficient Dangerous for [this](http://fallenlondon.wikia.com/wiki/Riots_in_Watchmaker%27s_Hill!_Shops_are_Burning!). If it isn't high enough, try to use your second chances, since failure will make it a waste of time. I hope this helps give you an idea for grinding it, if you needed to know. "
"Ah, too bad that I can't seem to get it in Germany...thank you anyway for the suggestion."
Reddit love Reddit life?
"Based on what the shop guys said after inspecting them, I should be good without a fresh pine tar this season. Seemed to be a bad kick from the start."
"Alright, sounds good then. I'll be on later so just add my IGN Falma in the mean time and we'll connect."
"Could you be more specific?  I haven't looked into this much yet, as I don't think my category is affected much, but I thought it just meant you had to provide specific product identifiers like MPN or UPC.

Edit: Just looked into it.  The way I understand the info is that it depends on what condition you select.  If 'new', as your ties with tags would be, yes, you will need to add them.  If 'used' then no, you will not need to add them.

Can anyone weigh in on if it's any version of 'new' such as 'new without tags' or 'new with defects'?  That's what most of my items fall under, and I already put in all identifiers that will be required, but I'm curious."
"I mean we do, but that's beside the point."
This team is too talented to lose this game. The only things that can hurt us is injuries and turnovers.
Liquid 2-0 Alliance incoming 4Head
"Again? Hoyer picked a hell of a time to have a bad game. "
"Oh Hoyer...He'll be run out of Houston as soon as this game is over. "
"I currently rock this model, and I do have to say: When you pay for a MacBook Pro, don't be turned off by the price. Macs last for years. Even college and beyond. They are built and made to last, unlike some generic laptops. Included in the price is also the awesome OS and additional software. I really think you should save up and get a good model. The $1000 MacBook is O.K. for basic browsing, but really not enough. The $1300 MacBook Pro 13 inch is great for most applications, but fails under heavy graphical, design wise usage. The $1999 ($2500 for the dedicated graphics) is great, but pricey.

Honestly, if it doesn't too concern you to have a new laptop currently, I suggest you save up and wait until March, where you might have a bit more funds, then (might) get the new MacBook Pro when it (might) is upgraded."
Sadly... Mittens discovered it was a ball of ear wax shortly after...
"Texans fucked up not grabbing Derek Carr when they could've "
Does that help excessive wobble during flight? No I have not tried it...
"One of the implications of stupidity is being too stupid to realise you are stupid. You basically lack the intelligence to understand your lack of it. You have managed to conclude at 14 that you are not particularly smart. This puts you well ahead of the curve.

True knowledge lies in knowing that you know nothing"
Post trumpeting stress disorder?
"That one poor dog with no tail. I hate when dogs have no tail, shit is cruel. And it looks stupid AF"
"Dethklok

just a digital display showing yoyr initials and then whe  you'll die. 

better hope there isnt another D B C in the crowd that's going to die next week... akward"
Nadhir_93
To limit the possibility of a QB controversy when they bring in a rookie.
[Fuck you pay me.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6h3RJhoqgK8)
"But we're still paying the income tax which was brought in as a temporary measure to fund the Napoleonic wars!

To be slightly more serious, there are still some gilts (government bonds) called [Consols](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consol_(bond\)) which date to 1751."
"Upvote for the pun. "
"Bjugstad
9 shots
2-1"
"Faz aí um resumo desse programa para quem não vê canais asquerosos s.f.f.

EDIT: Se tem a ver com produtos em segunda mão, lê [isto](http://www.economias.pt/iva-de-bens-em-segunda-mao/)"
"What percentage of the blame for this loss is due to the bad play of Hoyer? I'm saying two thirds, 67%."
It's all up to how good the champion creators get. Ekko can take out people skillfully without having an insta-blow up pattern like Talon.
"Surfing and KZ on CS:S and CS:GO.  
  
Do they count as minigames?"
"I just listed three songs off the top of my head. I honestly think that if another person dropped NC2, same lyrics, same everything, that it would be pretty popular on here."
"As a midwife, I had one lady with a very strong epidural who literally called in a makeup squad right before she started to push, so that she'd be ready for her closeup when the baby went to her chest. Ooookay!"
That is such a bad ass looking blade...
Yes.
"Yeah, I meant more that Swiss is hyperbole. I think Iloka is a huge guy to get back. We've had success limiting AB, I'm most worried about Heath"
"110 Amps at 240 VAC ?  For a **small** server farm ?
$63/day or $1890/month just for the server power.
Or was there a typo in the quoted power ?"
"nvm gonna trade for something else sorry :) "
"What does it matter what people think of your [insert personal identifier here] though?

If being shamed for being [personal identifier] offends him then he should use it as motivation to get better so he can be deserving of praise.

If he doesn't care and is satisfied with his [personal identifier], then why does it matter?

____

Your post is essentially the same argument a lot of racists and bigots use."
"Bought it, it was on a beer bottle I got for Christmas"
"Small mouth, large mouth, sea?"
"You're 21. That's a good age to realize that your current hobbies and abilities do not form your permanent identity. You're conflating ""what I currently know how to do"" with ""my worth as a person."" 

If you think your life is boring - you can change it! Take up new hobbies! Learn a language, play an instrument, join a sports team, take a class. I think in childhood and teenagehood we tend to identify ourselves by our interests. Like, ""I am a person who reads. I am not a person who plays videogames.""

But imagine being 25 (your boyfriend's age) and being able to say, ""I'm a rock climber! I have been doing it for four years. I started when I was 21."""
[removed]
"I don't go out of my way to ignore it, I just got to a point and decided to explore the wasteland for a while instead of doing the next part of the quest."
"If you want to visit a *true* hole in the wall, go to Turtle Bay bar in Union Park.  It's in the plaza near the corner of Murdock/Colonial.  Right next to Chubby's Restaurant (another hole in the wall).

It's a bit hard to find because the building is very non descript with no clear signage other than the forever standing ""bartender needed"" sign.  The clientele is gruff and tumble so it can seem intimidating, but they're actually real fun folks.  Obnoxious banter between patrons isn't unusual here.

There's also a mom/pop [seafood joint](http://www.yelp.com/biz/pier-407-cajun-crab-and-seafood-orlando-3) in the Boardwalk Bowl plaza not far from Turtle Bay."
"I'm wearing the WnW Fergie eye primer, actually - I'll go back and edit that in. I forgot about it. 

Do you have any suggestions for blending weird colors together? I'm wearing a pink and a green on my eyes, and I didn't want to over-blend in the middle and have them get all muddy. "
"&gt; You disagree with frivolous suits. Right? 

I do, and I support the existing *uniformly applicable* laws that protect *all business and individuals* from such suits.  

I don't support a congressional handout to gun companies who wanted to pad their profits."
[deleted]
"This can cause betting issues, as people involved in the match in one way or another (and there are probably more than you would think) can leak information about it."
"sh1tbr1cks is a known troll. "
There's only DVD players in our house so we still get DVDs. The PS4 is the only blu ray capable thing in the house.
"1996 is the only ASE key date with a mintage of 3.6 million "
I don't want to worry you OP but it looks like you're up high
"isnt this like that 1 manga? gamble fish or whatever, or the other one where everyone cheats on there test"
I still feel nervous.
"Just be careful and only sell it to people you know while overcharging for the risk.  Not much to know just expect to have no stealth and about a 90% or more chance of getting good test E.  Also a good chance they will share your location so don't tell them your Reddit user name. 

Pm me if ya want I've not ordered raws but its not much different than any source expect they don't care at all about quality or your safety near as much. "
"Like i said about excited delirium. They become completely irrational and ""black out"". She likely didnt feel a thing until well after.

Good question though."
And make mention of a stuffy head
"##**ATTENTION!** 


   Any and all TFA spoilers outside of [Spoiler] threads will be met with permanent subreddit bans. Please view [our announcement](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/3w8kwu/those_stories_about_what_happens_to_people_who/) and read our [spoiler policy](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/wiki/spoilerpolicy) before commenting or posting.  Here is our [subreddit plan](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/3w8td1/tfa_launch_megathread_policies_subreddit_plan/) for a timeline of how long these changes will be in effect.

   * No posts may include a spoiler in the title. [Spoiler] tags are mandatory for all posts which contain spoilers in the link or text portion of the post. **Including spoilers in the post title is grounds for immediate &amp; permanent ban** 

   * Posting fake or ""joke"" spoilers is also going to get you banned.  **JUST DON'T DO IT**

   * Comments containing spoilers will **ONLY** be allowed in threads marked as [Spoilers].

   * Even in [spoiler] threads, consider using spoiler markup  - [Boba Fett Spoilers]\(/s ""Boba Fett loves to hunt."") = [Boba Fett Spoilers](/s ""Boba Fett loves to hunt."")

    **THIS COMMENT DOES NOT MEAN THAT THIS POST CONTAINS SPOILERS.  IT IS A NOTICE FROM THE MODERATORS SO EVERYONE IS AWARE OF OUR SPOILER RULES.**


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StarWars) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"&gt; Okay. So you know that it is really a resource hungry process. There are only 5620 full nodes. So should they really be forced to increase their available disk space / CPU / RAM / bandwidth consumption to allow endless free/cheep transactions? In my opinion, the fact that we see a reducing number of full nodes is what really could kill bitcoin

The question is how many nodes do we really need, we would surely lose some with bigger blocks, but would this really kill bitcoin? I think there must be a range of number of nodes that would be acceptable. Also transactions will never be endless free/cheap because the miners have real costs even without a artificial blocklimit.

Maybe there will be improvements in the future which will make it possible again for more people to run a node again? (I don't know maybe something like raid5 with harddisks, that every node only has part of the blockchain but can still verify everything + the stuff thats already in the work like pruning, weak blocks and so on)

&gt;Segwit is a very clever solution and I guess it has very broad consensus/acceptance. These are the things we should aim for. Consensus changes that have a ~100% agreement. Increasing the Blocksize has not.

If it would be planned well ahead and added to bitcoin-core roadmap I think you could get pretty close to 100% agreement. Most seem to agree that the blocksize has to be raised in the future, even with lightning and co. So I still think we have to do this as early as possible, because it gets harder as userbase grows."
[deleted]
"Bambi. The scene where her mother is killed by hunters is the primary reason that I never wanted to hunt. I had several chances throughout my childhood to go, and I declined each time.

I do not eat red meat even now."
Is hear-say from someone's ex-spouse supposed to be reliable information about the ex-spouse's character?
How how how did he ever get elected to public office
You shouldn't downvote because it's a topic for discussion regarding the post maybe
"Having been in a very similar situation, I agree with the comment above, it's fine to give chances but not too many.   
  
At a certain point after arguing or just even talking about the same thing over and over, the dynamic of the relationship changes, which I didn't really notice until after it was over. I felt like a parent constantly scolding a rebellious child but eventually ended it after promises kept being broken and trust wasn't there. Although it did hurt leaving, I was glad to get away from the constant stress as my mind always debating whether I was being unreasonable and trying to avoid arguing. I finally got tired of it and drew my line in the sand and told her exactly how I felt about the issue, didn't take long for her to cross it. Chose to cut my losses at that point."
"Huh, well I stand corrected, but that being said, it is not the colloquial use, nor it is what was meant by the person asking the question."
[deleted]
"Back in my days, in good ol CE 86, I told Caesar himself about Bernie."
"hey, could you hatch an egg for me?

* Drilbur (♀) - Adamant - Mold Breaker - 31.31.31.20.31.31 - Electric - [1690]-

* temezone: GMT

* NN: none"
"I was working at a convenience store when the movie Clerks was released. It was a pretty accurate portrayal of my job at the time. "
"Hyperathletic forwards were en vogue in the mid90s to early 2000s, and for a while they got by purely on athleticism.  Think Stromile Swift, Larry Hughes, and to some extent Shawn Kemp."
Super flower is a great OEM and make probably the best units on the market for the money ie: EVGA g2 and p2 series
"Hey, attraction is based on a ton of factors. Good for you I'm not usually into conventional attractiveness, face wise anyway. I like athletic people because I need someone to run with"
"I live in the US and insist that people take their shoes off when entering my home. I like my floors clean damnit. "
[This guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
"My husband and an air plant, the broken glass could be beneficial."
Vince McMahon is a billionaire?!
"Hey /u/youngbuck95, do you want to PM me  your address and order number? I'll look into getting this resolved for you."
"A threesome. Turned into a 2 + 1 some, and guess who was left out?"
"Minecraft is with us now. There's no more room in this gigantic love triangle.

You might be able to win it back with flowers though."
"Can you give me some idea of what early JRPGs you are referring to that eschew the majority of the conventions but are still widely considered JRPGs? The way I see it, one definition is useful as a genre description and the other is meaningless, so it only makes sense that we use the definition that is useful rather than the useless one."
*growl* Awoo-woo-woooo
[deleted]
"are you claiming to have made this graphic? or just alter it somehow?

i've seen it even on reddit several times in the last few weeks... "
I'd say heavy use of any drug is potentially a problem.
"Now I'm crying again because that was so funny it made me cry. And then from tears of joy came tears of pure, raw, 100% grass fed, organic emotions"
"No shit sexual harassment before the incident. 

Were there men lining up as the migrants did and assaulting and stalking women as they walked by? Hundreds of complaints in a night? 

Sick of this false equivalence, it's a joke. "
ugh... I hated it. I was expecting a more easily definable equal protections argument.
Bought a Sapphire Tri-X 280x GPU from /u/dringus_khan
"Appendix "
"nice meme bro haha so much fun we are having, what a great community we have here, one of the best in the whole entire world no doubt!"
I have that headset and its so comfortable. Enjoy OP!
"Just woke up and saw this... Damn! Beautiful full tits, curves in all the right places and nice lips :p"
Airwaks and Jebus played pretty damn good. Shook disappointing hard.
F11547010 Enter this code and you'll get many nanas 😎
"Multiple people have seen him hack.  All I'm asking for is for a gm to patroll the top 20 people on the leaderboards.  "
THANK YOU for letting me know! Ticket purchased
I know right!
Apparently it's down due to bugs
*Probably*.
Do you work for Satan by any chance?
"Because the fact that the consequences are unintended means it fits the definition, regardless of whether the unanticipated is fulfilled. We can only discount something as not fitting the definition if neither requirement is fulfilled.  "
"Nothing.

Now give me $10."
"""Happy feet"" is a term you use for QBs who get spooked out of the pocket anytime there's movement in their general vicinity, Teddy doesn't do that, he steps up when the pressure is on. The problem is, the pressure was on too much, too fast and in order to try and even make a small play, he *had* to roll out a lot more, which, like derpington said is a problem with the O-line.  With Ponder, he rolled out even when he didn't need to, and could have just stepped up to avoid pressure and attempt to make a throw."
"I might be a vampire because I did not see that tree coming! Well played. "
Just read the tooltip of the Elective Gavelkind succession. it is working as intended
[removed]
"My plan is to go to NY in April! It's the first place I'll head to once I'm there, I'm sure. "
"Sharks - worst home record in the league (6-12-0). Next worst is Columbus at 7-9-4

Even taking two wins away from the BJs (for equal games), they have more points earned at home than SJ."
"In the situation that she dies before you do, you effectively become unable to be killed."
"My guess is that it also happens around 7 am, but you're not awake for it yet.

Your ISP may have a very short DHCP lease time of eight hours, and then may be slow in getting you a new address. You might want to contact your ISP to see if they have any solutions."
"Hi, Nestle would like to offer you a job in their PR department."
"I disliked it because at first he's chilling with the family eating dinner and what not and  o I'll effects, then suddenly! Oh teh noes, this woman is my weakness!"
But why the massive plummet? That is what I am pointing at. Everyone I know reports the same I noticed: active FCs becoming ghost towns as time goes on.
Oh shit
"[""We've disabled the new champion select while we investigate some unforeseen technical issues.""](http://status.leagueoflegends.com/?en_US#na)"
He's the creator of Game of Thrones. A series known for it's twists and deaths.
"I find this especially odd because they even did a csgo segment on nba tonight once, though they were in the same building as them at the time so that might be it."
"Your respectful number of up votes assures that someone is working this if it didn't already exist. "
At least they go one at a time unlike YKWD
"""your breaking my heart"""
"Alright. What's the upper limit on his strength? I was thinking lift a car, but not over his head or throw it?"
"Dead HIT @ 08:48PM EST-0500.

*[I am a bot](http://www.reddit.com/r/hit_bot/), and this action was performed automatically.  I am designed to help determine when HITs are no longer available.  Please [contact the mods of this subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FHitsWorthTurkingFor) if you have any questions or concerns.*

*Support your local programmer! Donate via Paypal! reddithitbot@gmail.com*  
  
"
Maybe if they pushed people and didn't treat them geeks they could have a shit ton of stars
They found out he's Latino. His Oscar shots are forever screwed.
"Hey babe, does this couch pull out?
Yeah, it pulls out. (Whispering) BUT I DON'T!"
A tear rolled over her cheek. She hugged him as she cried.
"Incredible story, incredible game"
People say i look like the one on the left. Kik me. Name same as above
so did you smash?
and not have one of the parts have a 2% drop rate
C/o me at 222k if you want.
"I vote for no commas. It seems like the purpose of inserting the commas as suggested above is to emphasize something that doesn't need to be emphasized that way. The first phrase could be rewritten to be ""the reasons for and against this policy."" The second phrase could be rewritten as ""have relationships with their client, and therefore have obligations to __________."" But those are just my suggestions. Some other version might make the ideas clearer. "
"True

But what does that have to do with my comment?"
[deleted]
I was thinking about having a Ham Radio in my car if I did some high mileages. I could have some nice ragchews
"Ever heard of a black person get offended if somebody makes a joke about not being able to support your family or stealing stuff? But that's blatant racism, sexism is cool as long as its directed towards men right?"
"I bet you are. No worries I also read books during parties, if there is nothing to talk about."
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
"ahh, makes a little more sense. Still a huge profit margin on this! Heck you could buy a brand new Ducati Scrambler or Triumph Bonneville for less than that!"
"My wedding hasn't been yet so I put a disclaimer on all of the following: this may not work and I might be crazy. 

I am making my own cake. This is because:

1. I don't want anything particularly elaborate, tall, or fancy. My perfect cake is a naked cake that looks like [this](http://prodstatics3azcdn1.purewow.com/images/articles/2015_11/NakedCake6.jpg), except maybe a couple layers taller. 

2. I can already bake quite well and have tested five different recipes to get the perfect one I want (the winner was Smitten Kitchen's [Double Chocolate Layer Cake](http://smittenkitchen.com/blog/2007/07/you-are-owed-chocolate-cake/). 

3. Speaking of Smitten Kitchen, they have a great series of blog posts about an amateur making a wedding cake, with heaps of really great [tips](http://smittenkitchen.com/blog/2009/03/layer-cake-tips-the-biggest-birthday-cake-yet/) on how to make &amp; freeze it beforehand, construct it and make it look good. It's been REALLY useful. 

3. All I want is a delicious cake that we can sink a knife into. Even if it's a bit of a disaster aesthetically, if it tastes good I'm happy. 

I'm doing a dry run of the whole cake tomorrow; the four layers are in my freezer triple-layer-clingwrapped and ready to go. I just need to make the Swiss buttercream frosting and put it all together. I'm a little nervous but optimistic. "
"It's not that, it's that all these things pop up on different sections of Reddit that people wouldn't have given two shits about before these people died, even if they were fans in many cases. Today I learned Alan Rickman got married, today I learned David Bowie liked Nirvana's cover of his song, etc.  

Boring shit doesn't suddenly become interesting because the person is not alive anymore.

Now if Steve Buscemi died and people were talking about how he discreetly went back to being a New York firefighter to help out after 9/11 that would be a different story. That's actually interesting. "
"Yeah I suck at genning, I think I know why (illegal moves &gt;.&lt;) so I'll fix them up with a random move each sorry"
[removed]
http://i.imgur.com/LjQ8nDY.gif
"I'd email the bursar's office. That's what I did and I got my money back in a few days or so. "
"Then you have the example of John McCain, who was born in Panama. He was on the ballot for President in all 50 states, implying that he was a natural born citizen. A similar thing happened to another potential President, Barry Goldwater, who was born in what was then the Arizona Territory."
"&gt;  Without it, single countries mean nothing

Like Russia, Norway or Switzerland?"
&gt;support with 13 r
"Seems like you have.  ""Players from teams with a record &gt; .500"" means ""Players from teams with a record greater than .500"".  This symbol ""&gt;"" literally means ""greater than""."
"I'd love to know who thought that that should be the main point of casual multiplayer, with Arena being a total Testosterone-filled cave of asshats."
"My issue with these kinds of games where all players are on the same side is that one or two players tend to run things, while all the others just follow orders."
"SPOILER ALERT (kinda moot after your post):

I was always of the opinion that Dexter starts off in Season 1 Episode 1 as a person who thinks he's a monster and who will never be any different.  But with growth, and therapy, and Rita, and Harrison, and Deb, he slowly realizes that his future isn't written and that he was making large progress every year (though there were clearly some stumbles).  

So, as you near the end of the 2nd-to-last episode, you get to the point where Dexter has realized he can let this go, he effectively says goodbye to Harry, he leaves a kill for Deb to arrest, and he's prepared to walk away into the distance with Hannah and Harrison.  I thought that would have been an EXCELLENT end to the show with the major story arc being that Dexter spent 8 years healing.   

yes.  I thought that would have been a really good ending.  What i didn't like about the ending is the implication (confirmed by the creators/writers) that everything Dex touches turns to crap and that he had to leave everyone in order to save them. I think that turns most of 7 1/2 years on its head and was counter to what i wanted as a resolution."
"My birthday was a few days ago, so I'm considering you wearing that dress as your present to me. "
[deleted]
It's a second home to me! Once a month i pop over from the UK and train in speed skating. Absolutely love it! Would move over if i could!
[it's happening...](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/9wcte/reddit_whats_the_grossestnastiest_thing_thats/c0er6q4)
"More like ""any hobby you can think of is more expensive than you thought it was."""
"Item|	Sub-item|	solution part 
---|---|----|----		
Micro Controller|	MCU|	LPC11U37FBD64_501
Oscillator|	Oscillator|	LTC6904CMS8
G-sensor|	G-sensor|	LIS2DH12
7-seg LED|	7-seg LED|	TLC59284DBQR
Sync jack|	Sync jack|	ST1480ACDR
Motor|	Motor module|	17S
Optical|	IR LED|	VSMY3850
Optical|	Position Sensor|	QRD1114
Optical| 	Laser module|	310-011413
RF|	BLE (BT4.0) test|	BCM20736
Laser diode driver|	Laser diode driver|	ISL58303

I just looked through the Viveport files ([link](http://www.roadtovr.com/htc-viveport-vr-app-store-client-available-new-images-suggest-breaking/)), and found a document with the components of the Lighthouse basestation.

If anyone wants to look it up, it's in the:
""ViveSetup\Updater\App\ControlCenter\BS_FW_v0002000008000021_1111\BS_FW_HTC_MCU_v003_1015""
 
Folder and is called: ""NEO BS V2 MFG Testing for Module and System_0909.xlsx"" 

The document was last edited on the 9/9/2015, so these are probably the components of the old basestations. 

I think it would be great, if someone who is familiar with electronic components, and has some time available, could look up the price of these components.


"
FEEL THE RAIN ON YOUR SKIN
"&gt; it never came in time to affect Congressional policy.

It really is too bad that the US Congress is constitutionally forbidden from revisiting issues after bills are passed. "
" 
Username | Join date | Link karma | Comment karma
:- | :-: | -: | -:
pmerd | 01 June 2012 / 3 years  | 246 | 273

^^This ^^information ^^does ^^not ^^guarantee ^^a ^^successful ^^swap. ^^It ^^is ^^being ^^provided ^^to ^^help ^^potential ^^trade ^^partners 
^^have ^^more ^^immediate ^^background ^^information ^^about ^^with ^^whom ^^they ^^are ^^swapping.
"
"i think after IEM, C9 wants a Support player to play support and to give Bunny the chance to play against these teams that according to the power rankings we should beat. This might also be a sign that Hai isn't completely comfortable as a support yet."
"You would love the tv show, deal or no deal."
"&gt; 2560x1440: 6.7 million pixels

CV1 is 2160x1200. 25% more pixels.

Also your math is way off on 2560x1440. That's 3.7 million pixels, or about 77% more than 1080p."
i can give you 225 k for mf
"&gt; I'm not sure where you're getting that she's not considering your feelings as much as his.

This is probably lingering feelings about the initial discussions we had. It took several instances until she decided to ""cut contact"" and seemed to hold my being upset with the comments Eric made against me. Also, this might not have been clear, but she has never gone no contact with him (and I never demanded it), though contact was reduced.

With that said, I agree that I need to be more affectionate throughout the day rather than reserving that for evenings and weekend. 100% agreement there."
"But wait. If he signs, is he going to live on the East side or West side?"
"&gt;FUCK Rivers

Nice to see mods upping the quality content of the sub. 

"
So apparently Loulex is on a team now with Flaresz and Poppers OP?
I am died. I ded. RIP me
"Haha, yeah roundhouse kick the tornado right back where it came from."
"can't wait "
"""She was a fast machine, she kept her coochie clean, she was the best damn woman from Aberdeen."""
"Does anybody know where I can get the sheets to this?
Would love to play it. 
Especially Kaze no Toori Michi and Kimi wo Nosete"
"If you are using Premium Bonds as en emergency fund, they are not easily accessible and so unsuitable for use in emergencies. Emergencies are for when you get a call at 0300 when someone needs you to wire funds to bail them out of jail in a foreign country, to give you an extreme example.

Premium bonds are on the order of days to access the funds after a redemption request.

I would recommend you set up another instant access high interest current account for your fund."
"He has an interesting anti-hero plot I feel. He patiently waited to usurp his Warchief, who had become a puppet to Gul'Dan. He executed his plan perfectly, but then I think he made a number of missteps upon tasting power and influence. Despite his knowledge of Gul'dans treachery and knowing he should not trust him, he accepted assistance from Gul'dan and allowed him to live. He relied on him, even at the most crucial moment and it cost him. 

Once he became warchieft he started to feel unstoppable, I think. He was a brilliant strategist but an average warrior who creates an interesting legacy for the Orcs, specifically Thrall who learned from him. "
&gt;support with 13 i
That's sweet man
It'll be hard but I think I could do that
"That argument has been brought up too and I feel like they were all pretty contemporary. There's also nothing in the Grims about Yor and Malphur as being ""hunters."" In Thorn 2 they even talk about how no one has been to the moon yet... Not to mention the art on the Thorn cards shows a Warlock... I think back in the ""Legends"" age of Guardians, the Guardians had different roles and stuck to different practices but I don't think they classified themselves yet.

edit: they being Yor, Azzir, etc.  obvs Yor, Malphur, and Ward are contemporary. ;)"
Only for BIOS. Windows works fine otherwise.
Thank you Oladipo.
"Can you explain why? And if it will be better than bgs? "
Don't forget they're such fake people too.
"/u/honmbas seems to be a NSFW tumblr spambot or something like that.

Anyways, don't go to the tumblr's homepage unless you have to do very specific types of science."
Unless they were non agressive and wanted to share their tech with us.
"I am all for it, I've always been interested in anthropomorphic animals, but I didn't know that the furry fandom was a thing. It wasn't until junior year of high school that just my chance I read someone online mention something called Midwest Furfest. I looked it up and it turned out the con was 1 week away. I went to it and discovered a whole world of people who enjoyed the same thing as me. Maybe it will bring in someone who has always been interested but didn't know it was out there."
Sure it is.
"And Akkerman ink is absolutely wonderful. Next time I'm ready to buy a bottle I might snag the #5, whatever one was sold out."
"I had one team that I called the death squad because literally these guys were certainly unstoppable. Well my sniper on a pretty mundane mission got shot and killed. Saddest moment of that whole game. I put these people together because they were my favorite squad and quite sincerely the best of the best. They earned the title of death squad, but after that it just wasn't the same another sniper rose through the ranks but was never as good as the first sniper, Haley was her name. Held a small funeral in my own head and said a few words. Shits real man. "
Was it a SAN-wich?
#**LOUD NOISES!**
I'm on past!
Muito bem dito.
"Are points reward for transactions that happen during that weekend, or only if they post during the weekend itself? I have a $17k purchase I want to make but don't want it to mess up. Do we know the exact days yet (is Friday included)?"
"http://imgur.com/qa9w0jA
Hillary Clinton "
This seems to be the most reliable strategy
Freedom is slavery!
[deleted]
Me too
"[We've had a chat over in r/ireland and decided that 'ol Billy can fuck right off. We don't want him.](https://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/4125w1/bill_oreilly_promises_to_flee_to_ireland_if/) "
"I used to visit a friend in Atlanta on occasion. He had a buddy that was over pretty often that was HIV+. I asked him some questions and found out he was actually infected about 4 years before he had symptoms that warranted testing. He was very fit, very health conscious, and ate well, the whole package so to speak. So I'm confident he didn't have a clue until he started catching colds and things after years of being perfectly fine. Like nothing to catching things easily and frequently. So it doesn't necessarily present symptoms early on. There were tales that it took much longer in some people in the past as well. "
"XPost Subreddit Link: /r/busty_porn_vids 

Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/busty_porn_vids/comments/4153rx/one_lucky_guy_two_busty_babes/"
The baron call was fine. The complete focus on Kench and ignoring of Kalista was not.
You cannot spot the deadlift. You lift deadlift. And deadlift pray you do not kill it.
"I have chronic fatigue and pain. if my computer breaks, I'm buying another one."
Massan sub spotted
"Is Life Is Strange's Season Pass a good deal at $11.38?  I think it's been cheaper, right?  

I got the first episode for $1 during the last humble bundle."
You mean you'll have enough silver saved up to start attempts for one since NA/EU are gonna be capped at +15 for awhile.
"Death of Tengu, later death of pod, not sure if related, but *suspicious* | careless retarded carebear -&gt; me | lost both ship and pod :D"
Think I'd rather stick with Cam.
"Anakin is established as stronger than Obi-Wan in canon... "
"exgo w2 attatchment is 20 bucks on ebay. works great on my box mod. cheap, and blew all my friends pens/vapes out the water. dual coil, you get nice clouds from it. mouthpiece is telescoping but the grooves are like perfect for putting it in a bong and taking rips. milks the whole piece up quick too."
benjyp87
"If I were you, I would take stats. I faced a very similar problem and ended up taking stats at a CC after I graduated, since one of my top choice schools required it. If you have an idea of the schools to which you'll be applying, look up their requirements"
"I Agree to an extent. Tinkering with restricted can be fun and rewarding but oftentimes it is just frustrating, especially when you deal with a lot of bronze cards.

I would prefer if there was one or two seeds where you can only have 3 amethysts so that you have a chance to win against people with an all-amethyst lineup if you have got shitty pack luck and not a lot of MT to spend on players in the Auction House. This makes it worth to grind for the J-Kidd, Pippen and Clyde so you have a ""big three"" instead of just kinda giving up and thinking that some teams are unbeatable because they have Curry, AI, LeBron, Akeem and Larry Bird on one team. "
Yes it is
"Source? 

Oh hey look, I found something on wikipedia: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Education_Index

You said the last time you checked...where did you check? "
I will second this opinion. Definitely salvage the Ram Spirit.
They'll just shock themselves to death
"OOR: Amusingly, the person who tells me off for giving Gordon no veggie options, forgot the meat options. "
"Oh cool, I wasn't sure if there was any more official way of doing that. Thanks!"
Put $10 with it and buy the Ebay $100 for $95 deal going on now. Then look at $100 items or start your GC rolling adventure with it.
wheat or rye?
te ves como billete de $200 :v
"I read in The Desert Fox, a book about Rommel, that the allies captured a jerry can factory in North Africa and per their policy, promptly ""demilitarized"" it by setting it up to make stoves. "
"Genius caption. "
I think you will get more for Verrett too
"""banksys""  
  
we are fighting an army of graph artists. ok. makes sense. "
"I used ""a musical God"" in quotes to reference you referring to him as ""a musical God"""
oh oh oh! You got damage on the pod! You fucker! :P
"He also made a 20+ year commitment to the Avs and Nuggets in Colorado, a commitment that may outlive him."
"I'd suggest that every visitor arm themselves with indelible markers and add those valued names—Ahwahnee, Curry, and Wawona—to every piece of DNC's equipment they find. Just cuz DNC is SOOO enamored by the names. I think they'd love to have them written in even more places s/

And you gotta love the idiot spokesperson who was shocked, yes shocked, that the names were used as bargaining chips. Kinda cool that a bunch of US gov lawyers and bureaucrats have more business savvy than the DNC morons."
Right click and remove device?
You are stupid or you have no idea what you are watching. Tqm stomped na'vi first half.
"Because he knows it's going to be griefed to shit by assholes. He wanted to let the hosts set it up perfectly/clean up any grief before he diamond-bastions the area. "
"some racy shoes "
[deleted]
"You and me, both.

This team would be shooting itself in the foot to give up players that have actually scored goals this season."
"I hope it's only 10% of overall balance.

If not, then well, gz, another 6 months of afk in wvw and pvp."
"Good explanation, but can you offer ways to make it work?"
"It's really difficult to explain/teach via text.  Here is a great *starter* guide:

[Mod Guide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhOSL7rGb10)

Keep in mind, this is just one type of mod setup. I **strongly** advise to search YouTube for guidance/installation guides. It's much easier to understand that way."
"So, there is a lot of misconception regarding security clearances in general. They're not concerned with debt amount. They are however concerned with the amount of bad debt (charge offs and collection accounts). They're also concerned with patterns of financial irresponsibility.

Your Soldier should be fine unless he has bad debt older than 180 days, judgements, or collection accounts. Instruct him to pull his credit and ensure there are no discrepancies. He should be able to explain what happened. If discrepancies exist, he should pay these, or develop a plan before approached by the Central Clearance Facility / Adjudicator. Further, he should go to a financial counselor on post to develop a plan. These things show you are aware, and are prepared to tackle the debt. 

He'll be fine.

As a point, I've helped people maintain their clearances with 250K worth of bad debt.

Source: Was Personnel Security NCOIC for a couple years."
"Yeah, he didnt know he was an op. "
"Thanks, will give it a shot."
Ugh. It took me 2 hours once to make chicken wings at home and they were shite.
"&gt; gently used

That's key."
"Incendies also has Like Spinning Plates

Prisoners - Codex

Dennis Villeneuve seems to love Radiohead... too bad LP9 didn't drop before Sicario

*edited for wording"
"its easy, you ahve the ghost be on alderaan when it explodes. 

The last scene of the series is the deathstar pulling into orbit."
"&gt;All the other ones are hypocrites.

How so?"
The 'Joe looking into the hat' banner that I just saw was most excellent!  Has just the right touch of a sense of humor to it.
"Literally no idea. We have a lot of depth so maybe it's a power thing. ""Yeah, AB is out, but we have a shit tonne of other great WRs, and what?"" "
But I'd download one.
Bio stats  (bio 260) with carter. Easiest class I've ever taken in my entire life.
Very nice! How did that amazing Pit remake not make it into this though?
Love?
damn all gone
Actually you would be surprised.  Beers are easier to catch than a football.  Source:  Got drunk w. a lot of rednecks and beers were launched. Advice: Catch with an open hand and let the beer hitting the hand cause it to close or you are gonna get some broken fingers... oh and keep your thumb out of the way.  Just focus on having it hit your palm.  Also abort if the dumbass threw it straight for your face.
what's your resolution? what's your gpu?
"Ah, cool; didn't notice that it was a firefly sniper."
Anybody else remember the Land O'Lakes boob trick?
https://youtu.be/ggZBCpbr9ZA
It doesn't. *That's the point.*
"My buddies and I used to do ""SoCo Sundays"" when we were 19/20ish years old.

Just thinking about it now makes me want to vomit."
"Thank you very much for the comprehensive write-up. I do hesitate to post that I don't plan on being on keto for the rest of my life, exactly because it seems shameful here and I'd brace for the downvotes.

However, I do like to eat several things that are carby, so I'll be switching back to my regular eating habits once I reached my goals.      
I switched to keto to lose my holiday lbs and hopefully mobilize some more stubborn areas of fat loss.

I think I don't have to worry about diabetes sugar shock anything. Just looked up my fitbit logs random from 2015 April and May, and my general carb intake is around 70-80g, only gone over a 100 once.   

I don't like those store bought sickeningly sweet cakes, I don't eat ice-cream, I don't drink sodas (maybe half a can of coke once every 2 months). Sounds like I won't die of sugar spike :)

Thanks again!"
"I feel like shit is an easy off flavor to distinguish hahahaha, so I'd trust your judgement."
"Yup, this sure is NSFW"
Let her try first. Within3 months she'll know they don't want her and reject her Jesus lite thinking
"I'm no lawyer, but I think this is OK. "
"Thank you!!

I'm quite fond of The Mountain Goats - I had an immeasurably shitty year, so ""This Year"" turned into my unofficial and overly stubborn fight song. 

I'm excited to check out the rest!"
"Short explanation.

http://www.shamash.org/lists/scj-faq/HTML/faq/11-01-06.html"
Why was it offensive and in poor taste? I thought it was spot on
"A friend of mine (a very overweight black girl) told me recently that ""My doctor is sooo mean to me, he always tells me I'm fat""

Hey, news flash: It's not a doctor's job to be nice. A doctor's job is to deliver accurate medical analysis and give treatment."
"Oh no,  I'm so sorry. "
Thank you
"I love Steely Dan. My dad got me into him in my teens, and I would add Gaucho to this list. Babylon Sisters is one of my favorite songs. "
"Seriously. This post might as well say, ""Hey it's easy to pay off your SL when you make a shit ton of money!"""
"To other users posting on this thread (and **not** to the submitter of this particular thread): offering on price check and question threads is not allowed. Failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban.

Sharking is not tolerated here, and any attempt made *will* result in a permanent ban.

[Please refer to our subreddit's rules as well if you have any doubts.](http://www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"not crazy as in unrealistic but the other night i had a dream where my dad tried to sell me 5 hour energy.
"
"Well, it seems like you are trying to make 2 big ""life defining"" decisions, in a short amount of time.  

Knowing her before in high school does give you a little big of feeling like you know her and a feeling a familiarity, which is good as you have some common ground.  But moving in with someone is a big emotional investment without a child (just on the hopes that the relationship will eventually become permanent) and lead to marriage.  

Sometimes just that one decision alone takes more than a year of dating.

Then on top of that, moving in with a 6 year old child, is extra concerning, as I'm concerned for the Mom's judgement to make a decision as she is exposing her child to you, in forming a father-daughter relationship.

I know that she might ""hope"" this is how the relationship would turn out, but to have her daugher live with a man, she has only dated for 1 year, knowing that child is going to form, ""father-figure"" relationship with you it makes me question her ""decision"" making process.

I'm not saying this relationship wouldn't work out, I'm just being concerned that 1 year is not enough time.  It's not like a 27 year old couple deciding to get a pet, and if it doesn't work out, they separate and then one person keeps the pet.

This is a live little 6 year old girl, who is going to have a lot of feelings and ideas being formed if you and her move in together.
And if this relationship doesn't turn into marriage and you break up, then down the road, this little 6 year old, is going to have confused ideas about adult relationships. (I'm trying to say this in a nice way) 



"
"and my right thinking grandmother would say, ""get that nigger out of my house."""
"Juliet saw no point in lying, because she knew Finn would just see right through it. ""I cry,"" she answered bluntly, maintaining eye contact. ""For Robyn?"""
"Yes, thanks that was 11 years ago. I even managed to have a baby several years later."
"I gave the talk, but I didn’t post it. I find that if I write slides such that they make sense on their own, the talk suffers because people can very easily read much faster than anybody can speak.

The talk was given yesterday, but the organizers took video, it will probably be online in the next few weeks. And if not? Well... That’s why people attend the conferences.

Also... I think its a bit rich for you to describe a talk that you did not attend as “mediocre.” You have no idea why I left certain functionality out, how I explained it, or whether the presentation would have been worse had I presented a wall of code that covered every eventuality.

Your criticism is unfounded. It might be correct, it might be incorrect, but judging the ~~~~love~~~~ live experience by the slides is, to borrow your own words, “not cool."""
"38630 Fish


159 Bracelets Phil Hellmuth thinks he should have won"
He wants her to *want* him to do the adds.
"Opinions on Massive Chalice for the bundle? I'm interested in it but it seems many people found it disappointing. "
[removed]
Why not just ship the game with a keyboard and mouse and a mid tower?
Dramamine is a favorite of mine from them. Great list!
"If you see a high priced item for some time and there is no low price for that item its no joke then. At least for your server. Thats how economy works
"
"""It's okay, there are good people and not so good people.""


Saige shrugged "
"BRO!?
"
And possibly kids who came to play school?
Salva22t :) have a good day
"&gt;I'll take that 10 times of 10 over the type of person that will never admit they were wrong in the first place.

I'd rather the person not be wrong in the first place. An apology is not some get out of jail free card."
I don't like facial piercings. They just invite danger.
"Detemmienation*

ftfy
"
"Furniture stores commonly offer 0% financing.

Why wouldnt you take that? Why pay 1000 dollars now when you can pay 50 a month and it come out the same?

I mean if you literally have no want for the extra money in the now then thats fine but its not a bad financial decision to finance it at 0% seeing as it costs you 0 dollars to do so."
"Nah, I heard they signed a deal to take Billy Gunn's place as a trainer in NXT"
"i support our boy Forgiven too, even after his ban in last week :/"
"Who are these other ""augment"" people you want guidance from?!?!"
Is it $20 yet?
This joke really Hitler spot.
"To other users posting on this thread (and **not** to the submitter of this particular thread): offering on price check and question threads is not allowed. Failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban.

Sharking is not tolerated here, and any attempt made *will* result in a permanent ban.

[Please refer to our subreddit's rules as well if you have any doubts.](http://www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
I'm in
But isn't the gendarmerie technically the army?
"It doesn't need to be straight away, but at least once you've realized what you've done. People realize nobody is perfect and if it's an honest mistake it's good to be upfront about it."
Not yet.
"Meh, we'll see.

SummonsBot Summon: Ruby"
"That is a great question! I could have been much more clear on what I was looking for but I don't have a whole lot of specifics, nor do I know for certain what I want to do.

I enjoy a customer facing or B2B position. To answer your question, I think companies such as banks or any corporate position would benefit. I would probably enjoy something more unique or being outdoors but I understand that might need some agricultural or mechanical background that I dont exactly have. I believe I am quick learner and I enjoy a wide range of activities so I try to keep an open mind on opportunities. Just hoping that someone is willing to take the chance to teach me in a new industry. Thanks for the reply!"
"It's at 52. We did it, reddit"
I've never done any more drugs than alcohol in my life but fuck me if i'm not even slightly curious about what it would be like. ;(
[deleted]
...guys to not feed the troll is best
The Mustache guy in awakening. When i first saw him i almost cried cause i knew i probably wouldn't be able to recruit him.
If you sandpaper this it is is not going to do what you expect.  It will destroy the leather by removing the face.
"&gt;since the majority of.politicians are lawyers and/or educators they should be up to the task. 

They also have a small army of professional bureaucrats whose expertise they can draw upon. "
So are the doors on the first floor just decoys?
That stormvermin wall hack haha
God &gt; legend &gt; top tier
[Sure thing mate!](http://imgur.com/a/TZn1U)
"Alright, if Presbyterians in a 100-mile radius of you plus a specific Episcopal church come up, I'll definitely make sure to come to you. You're not addressing my point, you're just making it more specific and anecdotal and generalizing from it."
"Unfortunately, it is impossible to overestimate the stupidity of redditors. Same for their penchant for denying that racism exists.

Sorry you got burned. Next time, maybe try a ""/s"". "
[deleted]
"I always put almond or cashew milk in my smoothies, but yeah I can't imagine it being too good with orange..."
Does Schlemko fill in his beard or something? Damn
"Just out of curiosity, are you the guy that made the ""CQ Twitter Bingo"" sheet a while back? "
"Did someone just make a post to this sub?

"
My dad was pissed when I was 17 and thought using a box of table salt to melt the ice on my windshield was a great idea.
"That's just a very challenging neighborhood you're talking about, and it will be that way for a while to come. It's up to you what you can handle, and what sort of environment you thrive in. That's all."
"Yes, dear leader."
I think it's only a matter of time until they are on there anyway. I guess it depends on how much interest there is in them finding a way to mingle with us.
"Probably a pre-event in anticipation fir the new SBW's. Pretty good timing on toast's part, i'm impressed actually that they would open it up right before sbw release"
[removed]
"I'd rather be a Vikings fan and have every game end the same way your last one did than have no team at all. "
"Nixon won the popular vote against Kennedy
"
Vol. 6
"I recommend it for sure "
"Stop being salty. Jealousy makes you look like a bitch. Steph is number 1 all time easy. No other point guard has ever come close to Steph's prime. Remember, Shaq got listed in the 50 greatest NBA players list after only four seasons. Curry current ranks among point guards 4th in career WS/48, 3rd in BPM, and 5th in PER. I say this as it currently looks like Curry is only getting better. I don't think I need to throw out stats to prove he's already the greatest shooter of all time. Dude's got a championship already, leading a team that is statistically greater than any team Larry Bird, Magic Johnson, Shaq, Kobe, or LeBron have ever led. If Curry ends the season at the level he's playing at right now, he'd have arguably the greatest individual season of all time. He has a transcendent playing style that will affect the next generation of basketball players. I don't think it's too crazy to rank him 4th now because there's a chance that by the end of his career, he could be number 1."
"Ahh! Completely forgot about him, thanks!"
"Again. You're laser focusing on one topic. Finding a good man is more than just money. Its how he treats you and how he demands to be treated that makes him a man. Not money. Nothing is wrong with a man who makes money but if you only look to that as a unit of measure then you're gonna have a bad time. "
Because we'll need invincibility to survive all the shots raining down on our goalies.
"By that argument, Bush v Gore was also political.."
"Yeah....no show is immune to the 34. NO SHOW

Im torn between it being disgusting and beautiful "
"Yes, exactly. $5/mo lets you play all the games in the vault as much as you want. "
Yeah that looks funny.
[deleted]
"&gt; EZskins.com 

I just checked and there's nothing wrong with ezskins. If it was filtered, it was a mistake and they were unfiltered. My guess is some Steam mod filtered them because they saw it in names, then an actual employee said ""No it's fine if there's no referral and it's just in the name. It's just the referral spam we want blocked"""
[removed]
quite sure he is asking for ways to politely inform his union he is leaving rather than asking for how to do it
Gonna reinstall that now.
"everyone check out [this gas price temp map](http://www.gasbuddy.com/GasPriceMap) it also has historic data! "
"So what's this degradation thing you were talking about?
"
I'd trade defenses with them in a flick of a switch
[deleted]
This gave me diabetes.
"I love it! Still trying to get used to the weight, though."
"esp cuz full asians are not on a leash like that most of the time.. "
[Annie Hall](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSRm_X3BLPU).  Minute and a half.
"JUST A WARNING YOUR PROBABLY GOING TO GET 3 OF EACH OTHER POKEMON BEFORE PINKY SHOWS HIS BEETLEY FACE. IT LITERALLY TOOK ME 4 GASTRODONS AND 3 MAROWAKS BEFORE I GOT A TRAPINCH, AND ITS MODEST WITH 0 IVS IN SPEED.

 FACK U RNG."
"I had to watch that five times just to figure out what foot he kicked it with, very nice."
"That's certainly plausible but I doubt it. Partly because Tim Roth was one of the first actors to which the original script was sent, and partly because the role of Bob was French at the live read, where he was played by Denis Ménochet. So that was probably the Waltz role, if anything (and if so, it was probably larger). "
I can see Lou being traded.
Entering
This is what you need! Revert for 6 + years and alhamdulilah this got me doing my fard salat.
"Years ago,  my uncle was an engineer for Dow Chemical and would work in Germany for about a month a year.  

So, I would ask him about his experience and he would tell me professionally,  those German engineers were fantastic and cool dudes to work with. But, after work you realize there are only two types of Germans those getting ready for the fourth Reich and those that incessantly apologize for all of Germany's past even if they had nothing to do with it. "
"I'd guess one of the aquatic ferns - [*Marsilea*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marsilea), see also *Oxalis* for infinite four-leaved 'Clovers'!"
Link to tweets or deleted ?
On CNN it's like a trivia game.
"To be fair, SK played like silvers. Gotta see them play against a decent low tier 1 high tier 2 team to better evaluate."
"You guys should have shipped my money to play power ball and I would have went in on a 3 way "
He looks like a rooster.
"Ok guys, new game. Send them real food but lace everything with ipecac. Whoever pukes last gets early parole."
"Skookum means strong, tough, or overbuilt and I don't think a small paper engine qualifies as any of those.  "
"DM, snake eyes, . . . Toad.. hey- 2/3. But seriously, if you need a badass.. hire this guy."
"It depends on your tax burden and your spending habits. If you are a wealthy vegetarian, you are giving the ranchers money for nothing. If you are poor and eat as much beef as you can afford, you are getting a beef discount without too much extra tax cost."
"I did a similar one. Some dude was just talking on his phone. Can't remember what movie it was but it was back in the day of flip phones. So just came back from the bathroom and sat behind him and reach out and clicked it shut while he had it up to his ear. I had like 5 friends with me and we were all drunk cause we had pregamed going to the movies. Probably wouldn't have done it otherwise. "
"This is a big deal to many old folks out here in California.

Despite the narrative, the Rams moved to St Louis because of Owner Georgia Frontierre and GM John Shaw, who ensured the team would fail via bad trades and poor draft picks.  It was a shortsided  money grab foreshadowed in the movie ""Major League""

I feel bad for kids in St Louis who lost their team, as I felt the same back when they moved from LA.

It has been years but now it's time to [remember the glory days](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7-9lslZErw)

WELCOME BACK LA RAMS."
"""Soon"""
Come to the north bay. Its a little colder but still plenty of fun lol
I'll find out in a few months. Or not.
He's just not very good at expressions.
"Sure, ok buddy. "
My karambit rip man:(
"CJ was going to expose him to shame, not criminal liability. "
Nah this already feels waaay worse
"I also installed the Jan patch yesterday. My Nexus 5x is still sluggish as hell by the end of the day, I'm pretty sure there is a memory leak on these devices. The longer its powered on the worst the performance gets until you restart the device."
"That would be cool. If Nintendo had a better ecosystem (like Apple), I would buy more of their products. "
"Yeah, prosupps makes Hyde PWO and Jekyll PWO.

Hyde is more stimulant based, focusing on its heavy 450mg+ caffeine matrix.  Jekyll, on the other hand, is more pump based, focusing around its Pump matrix which has 2500mg citrulline (a vasolidator that makes your veins explode).  

I'm a huge prosupps fan but I've noticed, at least in their Hyde pwos, different flavors will have different concentrations of base ingredients, such as beta alanine varying by 1g or more - always make sure you're getting what you want.  "
[removed]
"Eh, a jeep might be able to fit in there."
I have a sterlingpro and its meh. Dont know about the bodum (which seems like a favorite here)
[deleted]
"offered*

Those were Black Friday promos."
And Mulan?!
"To me thats a lot of vyvanse, tho i know people who take double that. Stimulants really fuck with my mania bad. Maybe try rendering down some of the tracks? Like putting all those basses into one and then manipulating the samples from there out. Sounds like youre making your life harder and feel on the verge of a big opportunity. Simplify and try to relax. Remember it's supposed to be fun."
"&gt;and it turns out the actors who played them are actors.

Is...is that a surprise?"
Who are the best characters based on those criteria or anything else that makes a character stand out to you?
"I get you. But in this case it would be actually just one story, the rise and fall of the Emperor of Mankind (without the Chaos bits)"
"Stats of this post when RedditFox issued the indication:

* rank: #451
* score: 34
* comments: 39

Stats since then:

* best rank: #1
* max score: 5086
* max comments: 5175


Rank development chart:


`   1|            ▅▆▇▇████▇▇▇▇▇▆▆▆▆▆▆▆▅▅▅▅▅▄▄▄                                                                               `  
`    |         ▂▅▆████████████████████████████▇▇▆▆▆▅▄▄▃▂▂▂▁▁▁▁                               ▁                               `  
`    |       ▁▆██████████████████████████████████████████████████▇▇▅▅▄▃▃▂▂▂▂▁                ██▆▅▄                           `  
`    |      ▁█████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████▇▇▇▇▆▅▆▄▄▄▃██████▁                         `  
`    |     ▄████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████                         `  
`    |    ▁██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████▃                       `  
`    |    ████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████▇▁                     `  
`    |    ██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████▅                    `  
`    |   ████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████▇▅▂▁                `  
`    |   █████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████▇▆▇▆▆▆▅▃▁▃▂▃▃▄▄`  
`    |   ████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |  ▃████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
` 500|  █████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |  █████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |  █████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |  █████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |  █████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    | ▆█████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    | ██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    | ██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    | ██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |▃██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |███████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |███████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`1000|▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔`
`     0h                  4h                  8h                  12h                 16h                 20h`  


This chart was last updated was on 01/13/2016 at 08:41PM EST


"
"Just date as much as possible, don't turn one down unless the girl is really not your type.  The important thing is to get out there.  I e had some weird dates but I've learned a little more about myself with each girl."
[deleted]
"The Oilers play a lot like me in NHL games. Play 80% in your own zone, get the puck to a forward and have him skate in and get an... okay chance and then back to your own zone.

I should probably get better at NHL."
What ***about*** eyebrows?
It was another player's chest locked with LWC.
I mean the tires aren't even black
Kyrie has to stop posting up
"No that was in northern cali, I live in what's considered ""southern cali"".  We did have a meet up in Whittier, CA in Oct of last year I believe.  I couldn't make that meetup, I was dead sick and didn't want to get anyone sick at the meetup."
Yikes. Noap na-noap noap noap.
so called mate who had billions asked for fury so he could go bandos never heard from him again
alright Zaza you freak chill out
"It is Endurance. Im a derp.

Ok. Cool.

I will probably have more questions later to come as I read through the RBs"
Torts keeps yelling at them and now they're sad
"But Darkrai can save itself, its powerful, and baby  Eevee ? (｀Д´*)"
We need to get him when Riley retires after the big ten championship in 2018 :)
"I looked like this. Turns out it was sleep apnea. See my other post here. "
"Could you just clap for America you grump.  "
cool! Lets do it.
[deleted]
"No, it was a photoshoot from GQ or something like that."
"You're correct. They had no reason at all to frame Avery. Most people think they were being sued. They weren't. "
[deleted]
"As a raider fan, I couldn't be happier. Im sorry St Louis fans, but on the bright side, I'd like to think that the Rams are going back to their OG colors which is a win for everyone. "
you got a top ten from your list?
"Absolutely. Fuck kroenke, I hope the rams don't win another game while he owns them. 
"
naive puts it nicely.
No worries. Best of luck in the near and continuing future.
[Slaughterhouse - Offshore](http://youtu.be/xMzBGCahG4c). One of the best songs on a **great** mixtape.
"I think she thinks that to be a feminist that she has to be admently opposed to housework and being defined by her children. No, Jenna. Being a feminist is not an excuse to get out of work. 

She talks as if she is this paragon of feminist vitrue because she is a lady coder, but she doesn't ever address how she balances her work/school life with her home life. We know that she has kids, but pretends as if they disappear when she needs to go to learn how to code. Why not talk about the challenges she faced being away from her home and her kids?

Oh that is right because she only does that when she can use mom guilt as a way to make excuses for herself. 

And the hashtag: where are the kids was so fucking immature. I am interested in how parents are able to take a vacation without kids in tow. I have no idea how I would accomplish that so I like to see how other people do that. 

She really is a spoiled brat."
"Ok, thank you. I will certainly consider those."
[deleted]
"What if the literal being of sanity doesn't exist do to the fact that we are all the same, copies of each other in a parallel universe visible to all others except one's self, making it visible no one? "
Isn't this the plot to back to the future
Zaza fucking god
"Probably due to HC change, I'd imagine. If he leaves then at least he will go to a good organization and not the fucking Eagles."
"The Clone Wars novels, and in particular the Clone Wars Gambit duology of Stealth and Siege give the best written dialog and development of the their relationship."
You make me wish that cops were killing white kids wearing hoodies.
"Hatch? "
"You gotta believe, man.  *Believe* in the reverse harem."
"3k people roam? "
"I went from Chicago.... 

Round trip flight.. $160
Craigslist GA Sunday ticket... $30
Stormed the track to see the ceremony.... Free
Best race of the year?! Priceless."
"Gimme_A_Dollar: philosopher, radical, renaissance man."
"Size and weight? On my desk there is a SP3 (work issued)  and S3 (mine). I'm kinda like the size of the S3 more, as I'm treating it like a companion device. I have a 15"" MBP for ""serious work"" back home. "
"As a BB supporter, I'd love to see it be the case just to watch him force choke someone."
"Project Title: Airship Asunder

Promotion Type: Exposure

Promoter: Rick Donnelly (Developer)

Trailer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lp_wAyRg2dg

Starting Play: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cua5KpYz6qU

Website: www.airshipasunder.com

Facebook: www.facebook.com/airshipasunder

Airship Asunder is a steampunk live-action boardgame coming soon to Windows PC! Captain your vessel and fly the skies of adventure! Establish new colonies, build mighty empires, search for ancient relics, use powerful magic spells and battle evil forces on your quest to defeat the Pirate King!

I have a peculiar love for retro PC gaming, and spent many days in my youth playing games like Ultima IV and M.U.L.E., among others. I've always wanted to play a game like this but never could find something that quite fit the bill, so I set out to make it myself! I plan on releasing it very soon, and I hope to develop it further if I can generate some interest and funding. One thing at a time as they say. Your comments are welcome, thanks for taking a look!"
"""THE INTERNET DOESN'T COUNT! IT WAS ONLY NICKBEARDS THAT VOTED INTO THE PRESIDENCY. ONLY REDDITORS LIKE BERNIE""

doesn't matter; had socialism"
"&gt; In their defense Kate McKinnon skewers Clinton pretty hard and called her out to her face about not supporting same-sex marriage until it was popular

I agree. We call Kate McKinnon ""The career ruiner"". She is the best I think I have ever seen on SNL."
"If IPART want to increase the prices, then they're welcome to, but i expect to pay the correct fare.
"
"One question. Dean talks for 5 minutes straight. Love it. Also, I can definitely see his reasoning, especially with regards to still being able to make a move at the deadline if we absolutely have to. Plus, the guys have looked pretty solid so far. Gives us a pretty defined ""top 6"" and ""bottom 6"" and we can shuffle those players within their respective groups pretty much at will to almost no detriment overall. "
worth rolling for with 100 gems?
"In case you feel like you've already seen this before, then you wouldn't be wrong... I made a post featuring this in a compilation of other wallpapers, but I decided to experiment a bit to see how many improvements could I add to this particular one because of the very kind response by you all.

I also thought that the amount of changes justified posting it once more.

Oh, and if you're wondering where the [Textbox](http://i.imgur.com/HZwAage.png), [Raw](http://i.imgur.com/pBYOWI8.png) and [Mobile](http://imgur.com/a/BNH5E) versions are... Well, I just linked them to you."
ITT: delusional PSU fans pretending there's no fire where there's smoke.
"Well if you have time, why not. Its not important in any way for you to watch BBCAN4, but its an average season. Go watch a US season if you haven't watched them all"
"For the drumsticks I blended 3 slices of stale bread with salt, pepper, garlic and cayenne powder and mixed herbs. I whisked an egg and some milk together, dip chicken and coat in the breadcrumbs,  twice. Oven 180c for 40 mins. Mushrooms I fried off fresh garlic, pancetta, and red onion, stuffed in the mushrooms and covered in parmesan and a little of the leftover breadcrumbs, oven for 20ish mins :)"
FIRST TEAMMMM
Thank you!
Sponsored by The General Store™
"6 hours during banking hours, overnight if it's done outside of them which is still significantly longer than bitcoin. I don't know why you are bringing up what the current costs and limitation are, clearly I said if bitcoin is even a fraction as established as the banks then transferring money will be a trivial task."
"Google firmspoof 10.2 it will show you the files you can update in emunand for 10.2+ games (my emunand reports 10.3) and also reinand and rxtools have both reported true 10.3 emunand support soon

But yeah I do suppose you should be good for just regionfree. I'd do it just to lock it in since they can force browser updates and such on 9.9+ no reason not to be secure. "
"[7139-1: Ewok Attack](http://brickset.com/sets/7139-1) [[Photo]](http://images.brickset.com/sets/images/7139-1.jpg)
"
I'd call it clever (ʘ̚ل͜ʘ̚)
"""Glutes with ~~Sidney Crosby~~ [Jonathan Toews](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/95/12/00/951200c95035304d5e371ee95188ef5d.jpg)

FTFY"
"&gt;  KPK might have a really bad campaign but if you ever visit KPK they are doing actual work there and the place is far far far better than it was before they came.

Backup your claim with solid statistics from a reliable source. 
"
"Prolapses are red
Waffles are blue
Ducks in one end
Will make you not poo
"
[deleted]
"The problem with 23/7 cloakers is not that they can drop on people and kill them if that person is not prepared. Rather, the problem is that they can have an overwhelming threat presence because they can just go afk and any PVE or single player activities in that system are rendered impossible. You can't always have an entire fleet up ready to counterdrop, and you shouldn't have to.  
The problem isn't 23/7 cloaking, the problem is afk cloaking. If some sweaty nerd wants to stay up for 23 hours and actively do shit in space, I'm fine with that. I'm not fine with the same level of threat being available to people who aren't at their computer. Oh, and they're perfectly safe doing it, too."
"Chris Ault isn't 90 years old yet, we can get a couple more years out of him."
Yeah but 789 is 1 faster.
Is he doing his own theme music?
"I am also pro death penalty - you take life, you give life. You rape someone, I really hope somebody will rape you back in prison. Sounds fair to me. Fuck you."
I always drink out of the corner lol
"If you say ""another time"" that'll just make them think you're interested. *Kindly* let them know you're not looking for a relationship is what I'd suggest. You don't have to give a reason why you're not. Or apologize for not wanting to date them. You're not obligated to. Just a simple ""Thanks for the offer, but I'm not looking for a relationship right now."" Works"
"r1024x768

only need it on one character, but can run it twice if needed. Already have the checkpoint"
"Let's face it, anything north of Oslo is a tundra wasteland."
No one speaks ill of RJ. NO ONE
"That's because his physical acting was amazing.  His promos were horrible and barely got the crowd going.  He's just rehashing his entire career at this point.  Even when he slipped into 2008 quiet heel promo mode, the crowd kinda died."
ファイト！も放送禁止になってしまうん？・・・
"God no. I have lived through that hell. If you do this you will hurt her deeply. She'll question for years, maybe the rest of her life, why she wasn't good enough or pretty enough for you."
[removed]
"Before I became an adult I told myself I would eat nothing but cereal for each meal. Life did not work out that way "
"We're allowed to use USBs and even take the laptops home.. I don't work in an office with like 3 other people, more like hundreds upon thousands if you count all the locations so I don't know if it would be so obvious. People are on the internet all the time in between tasks and stuff but I'm too nervous to do that.. 

So copies of them could end up somewhere just by opening them but not editing/saving? Damn."
I wish the kill cam followed the rocket. Or you could go into theater.
4000$ for the 👽 ayylmaoware icon
[deleted]
It shows that he no longer has a limit
"Thanks for the pic and for the advice!

Itt being left untinted actually looks a lot better than I thought it would!!"
"Any type of flavor can be complicated. Natural, Artificial, Natural and Artificial, WONF, doesn't matter. It depends on what the chemist that came up with the flavor thought would be good. A flavor might have 5 ingredients or 100."
"&gt;She told the play school staff that he was trying to say ""book"". So he got read stories a lot.

Mother of the year right there. "
"Vesper
Vmp
Pharo
Kuda
Razorback
Weevil"
"* a new line of speakers from QSC to replace the aging K-Series and KW line.  

Not that I intend to buy any new sound, but I think they're due a refresh with improved sound quality and hopefully a slightly more competitive price point.

I feel like EV, Yamaha, JBL, and RCF have all surpassed QSC in terms of sound quality, features, and affordability with their various lines of speakers and it's time for QSC to step up.

Then again, maybe they don't need to cause their speakers are still selling really well...

* Someone (anyone) to make a smaller size, professionally built controller with a god damned tension adjust for the platter.  The more pro controllers are just too damned big, the small ones are just too beginner oriented and nothing other than the giant DDJ SZ has a tension adjust since Vestax bit the dust.

* Denon update to the SC3900.  Maybe ditch the CD player and make it strictly USB and a Serato compatible media player with the same 10"", direct drive, spinning platters.

* these concept Pioneer turntables: http://djworx.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/PLX-1100-prototype.jpg"
Ignorant of what? That looks matter? That he will find more happiness in his hobbies then seeking the love of a women? That there are other things to make a life worth living then the love of a good women?
My (modem router combo in bridge mode) modem from Canadian ISP (Rogers) has 4 ports and i can get 4 external IPs from the public network so it is theoretically in reach.
Sure let me find my other game
"~~let the megathread wars begin lol~~

Nation Blue Ranko does look cool, I agree.

Glad to hear you might be active in SS again! What's a little more dough for best girl, eh? (Though personally I'd wait for double SSR chances before burning cash to Chihiro-sama.)"
"The PG279Q also has horrible reviews. The consensus seems to be that the PG278Q (a TN panel) is more enjoyable to use because at least it doesn't have the same problems with bleeding.

Customer image from amazon - http://imgur.com/z05CDLe"
It was good. [I went to pirtek and ended up with this](http://i.imgur.com/2a3lSi4.png)
"The Americans following through with an internationally agreed agreement is fraud?

For the record, the definition of fraud is as follows: ""wrongful or criminal deception intended to result in financial or personal gain""

I think the USA would be committing fraud if they didn't hold their end of the bargain and deceived Iran and the other UN countries that negotiated the deal."
"&gt;Also, Rickman was a fine actor, but I think legend goes a bit too far.

You shut your whore mouth."
[removed]
A lot of Youtubers and Web bloggers shares material and recycles stuff. I mean look at just ridiculous number of TOP X something videos...
Is there proximity based voice communication? I wanted that so badly in Destiny.
"Bizarre that you're posting this.  Considering you work ""50 hours a week"", have ""no girlfriend"" and are a ""lonely guy with no female attention"".  In other words.. Fuck off you pathetic troll. 

""Nerdinater 1 point 10 days ago

I dont have much free time I work 50 hours a week.... No girlfriend. Maybe that is the thing. Lonely guy with no female attention""

- You're a loser bro. 

"
"It's satire, but the amount of people that think it's real makes me sad"
"he is young and doesnt know any better. I remember at my high school dances grinding on booties all the time. There was always that one or two girls that went extra with it. Just sticking their asses all up on you and throwing it back. Man I would have to create space or I would have been poking them. I was embarrassed of my boner. Then I started to read the signs. There were some girls that were trying to get you hard. Around 18 I was like fuck it, you want to rub your ass on my dick you are going to get poked. "
"That's not a hate crime.

Well I hated it!"
PLM curated stage confirmed.
"WOOOOHOOOOOO! 

Glad you decided to go for it! "
"Or intelligent ones holding out for more money either. "
"I just thought of it as: month, day, millennium. Since time can seem to fly by for a Gem, they use the millennium year to keep track of information. "
"haha i just think ""perfect"" is juuuust a bit a stretch?
"
"A lot of money. "
"Christianity tried to stop ""constant war"" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peace_and_Truce_of_God"
"This is called the Mandela Effect. 

&gt;The Mandela Effect is a theory put forth by writer and “paranormal consultant” Fiona Broome that shared false memories are in fact glimpses into parallel worlds with different timelines.

Just like the color chartreuse is actually green and not red."
"I can also attest to this by experience. As a DM the players will be completely and utterly forgetful of your major world changing plot elements, but will track that thief that stole the +1 dagger from them to the ends of the earth and into the nine hells if that's what it takes to get that dagger back. "
Yep. I will definitely be in touch before anything gets created/available.
"Honestly, X-Carve is about to get an order from me with how many videos i've seen them in.
"
When life punches you in the face?
"I would just keep sending Kickstarter emails.
support@kickstarter.com"
/u/Pitchforkemporium
That's not a shark dive. That's a photoshoot
"It's TOTALLY NORMAL don't worry you are actually experiencing contrast,wich is a good thing. You see, the present in wich you live (the physical realm) is actually a reflexion of your past thoughts, the ""old"" you and now that you are a new ""self"" you experience a paradox wich is the final step to change. You are actually in the middle, don't see it as negative, it's positive, it really is, see it as a test from the universe (or yourself) that proves that you really changed. If you can still remain as your true self then your reality will have to follow (that's the LAW) by detaching you from negative people or events, don't be afraid to let go to allow better things to happen. So be comfortable with the present situation by playing with it and staying on you peaceful vibe NO MATTER WHAT, because if you turn back to your old self, you will think that being at peace didn't mean squat and will probably quit using LOA. You are so close, don't worry keep vibing! :)"
"A grin would be semi-friendly - not a smirk. A smirk implies you are self satisfied about something, usually associated with I know something you don't know, or simply I'm better then you."
Whaaaat the last LAN empire won funnik was on fucking fire
"Delete Facebook, lawyer up, hit the gym"
"25-40 is not low. It is the inflation adjusted average for basically all of oil's history. 

Edit: Lol at the downvotes, get some perspective. Oil has been expensive only for the 1970s, 1980's and 2000's. http://i.imgur.com/qqm3sFh.jpg
"
Greece?
"Plus the part where it can take the place of any melee weapon you're currently holding. (the Struggle Bat, the Wooden Sword and the stick Roxas picked up in that one cutscene are great examples of this ability.)"
NotLikeThis
I'm sure people would pay $250 or more for something handmade like this
"These are the words of a man who's ass is on the line.   The official public record of the resolution passed said nothing about Flint River.   From the *news* article I linked before:

&gt; The resolution does not indicate support or opposition to using the river

That's is the public record.  The last thing anyone should be doing right now is taking the word of someone with an enormous incentive to lie at face value.  "
[deleted]
Legendary
Yes. Study after study shows that low carb always out performs low fat.
I was wondering about that. I was so confused
Um.wouldn't that essentially be a sigil?
"I read that and thought, ""Nah I just think you're a cunt."""
"How did you get that job, if you don't mind me asking?"
"To any beginners, please don't actually play like this..."
One problem- you're talking about Minneapolis here. They'd let anything fly in the name of diversity.
WOLOLO is from Age of Empires - one of the best games man has had the pleasure to play.
"Mud and rust. "
redeems with video proof?
"""The only person or thing that could ever force you to, in a voluntary society, is yourself.""

I feel like this is a toss-off sentence worth contemplation."
"Brommunist broseph brolin 

"
"You're comparing republicans to democrats... which is what I did.  The last two administrations are great examples to dispell your claims that they're both ""misleading"" in anywhere near the same context.
"
Miami was pretty new and won a ring it's second year. Then repeated in year three
Butiker ligger förvånansvärt ofta inom gångavstånd från varandra. Annars kan man cykla.
I could never get that damn mic to work...
JJ better retire a Clipper
"Also try posting in /r/hawaii

Edit: I posted this comment without realizing who you are OP -.-"
"Welcome aboard! May I ask if you're in a rural area of Iowa or a college town? We need all the help we can get, but especially in the rural parts of IA."
"The fact that they nerfed Wukong to utter shit, buffed him A BIT, then nerfed him again because of a fucking item. Also the fucking Bellona circle jerk, it's ridiculous how they think she's balanced in her current state (definitely not as bad as release though)."
Shin-eli 316 lock with spindle
Paypal debit card ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
"Not every one. Games like Alto's Adventure, Monument Valley, Sword &amp; Sworcery, and many others are great—albeit simple—games that don't even offer in-app-purchases. I know there are infinitely more that follow this terrible pattern, but there are some great games out there. "
"It's a great idea because it's not a matter of ""how he thinks""

It's a matter of him being a sexual predator, and encouraging others to become them.

Abusing women and encouraging others to do it is not OK ""because it's freedom of speech"""
"Anyone in here use a belt or knee sleeves? If so, what were your lifts like when you started using them?

Couple of days behind on my routine after some time off visiting a friend, which was very worth it. Bout to head in for a back session despite some killer sunburn. "
"Sorry, sold 3 for 30 ea!"
"Get a higher quality cooler, just because you're dealing with a higher budget. I would recommend the H440 case instead, it's bigger and looks very sleek. You won't need the 1000W psu just yet, but it's perfect for many upgrades. Do you need the WiFi adapter? Hardwired is highly recommended, and WiFi won't be very good even if it is a quality adapter. Do you have peripherals all set? "
"
# *FREE MOVIE ""Alice in Wonderland 1951""  BDRip movie25 ac3 putlocker 480p in hindi*

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description movie **Alice in Wonderland 1951**:

&gt;  Alice stumbles into the world of Wonderland. Will she get home? Not if the Queen of Hearts has her way.

&gt; .


***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Alice in Wonderland 1951***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Alice%20in%20Wonderland%201951)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Alice in Wonderland 1951***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Alice%20in%20Wonderland%201951)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Alice in Wonderland 1951***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Alice%20in%20Wonderland%201951)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Alice in Wonderland 1951***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Alice%20in%20Wonderland%201951)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Alice in Wonderland 1951***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Alice%20in%20Wonderland%201951)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Alice in Wonderland 1951***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Alice%20in%20Wonderland%201951)
***

&gt; . 

&gt; .Alice 
In 
Wonderland 
(1951) 
to 
watch 
online 
the 
thirteenth 
Walt 
Disney 
Animated 
Classic; 
read 
listen 
or 
download 
pictures 
quotes 
lyrics 
and 
script
Join 
Alice 
in 
a 
madcap 
adventure 
through 
Wonderland 
with 
the 
Queen 
of 
Hearts 
Mad 
Hatter 
and 
the 
frantically 
late 
White 
Rabbit.
Alice 
In 
Wonderland 
(1951) 
Disney 
movie 
- 
cornel1801
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
full 
movie 
online 
free
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
script
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
quotes
Alice 
- 
Alice 
in 
Wonderland 
Wiki 
- 
Wikia
Download 
Alice 
in 
Wonderland 
(1951) 
720p 
BrRip 
x264 
- 
YIFY
Wonderland 
in 
American 
McGee's 
Alice. 
It 
appears 
in 
the 
novels 
the 
Looking 
Glass 
Wars. 
It 
is 
surrounded 
by 
seaas 
shown 
in 
the 
glorious 
completed 
map 
to 
your 
right
Download 
Alice 
in 
Wonderland 
(1951) 
720p 
BrRip 
x264 
- 
YIFY 
torrent 
or 
any 
other 
torrent 
from 
Animation 
category.
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
part 
1
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
full 
movie
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
online
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
alice
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
film
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
soundtrack
Alice 
in 
Wonderland 
| 
Disney 
Movies
Wonderland 
- 
Alice 
in 
Wonderland 
Wiki 
- 
Wikia
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
putlocker
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
mad 
hatter
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
dvd
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
screencaps
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
online 
free
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
caterpillar
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951
Alice 
Liddel 
(Known 
as 
Alice 
Kingsleigh 
in 
the 
2010 
film) 
is 
the 
main 
character 
from 
the 
original 
books 
Alice's 
Adventures 
in 
Wonderland 
and 
it's 
satisfying 
sequel
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
trailer
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
cast
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
full 
movie 
free
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
characters
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
movie
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
megashare
alice 
in 
wonderland 
1951 
watch

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .[FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Miller's.. Crossing.. 1990"".. .. yts.. Tubeplus.. AVC.. VHSRip.. AVI.. torrentz](https://www.reddit.com/41n137),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Good.. Morning,.. Vietnam.. 1987"".. .. ac3.. 1280p.. trailer.. streaming.. download.. butler.. high.. definition](https://www.reddit.com/41n177),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Fight.. Club.. 1999"".. .. Tubeplus.. 1080p.. MKV.. youtube.. now.. BDRip.. without.. signing](https://www.reddit.com/41n194),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Kick-Ass.. 2010"".. .. high.. definition.. link.. to.. view.. tablet.. x264.. BrRip.. EZTV.. FilmClub](https://www.reddit.com/41n12v),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Pulp.. Fiction.. 1994"".. .. 720p.. look.. EZTV.. SATRip.. megashare.. BrRip](https://www.reddit.com/41n13j),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""X-Men:.. The.. Last.. Stand.. 2006"".. .. online.. film.. HDRip.. mac.. MP4.. trailer.. high.. quality](https://www.reddit.com/41n15z),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Casino.. 1995"".. .. yts.. BDRip.. viooz.. HDRip.. no.. pay.. without.. registering](https://www.reddit.com/41n19t),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Awakenings.. 1990"".. .. 1080p.. high.. definition.. yify.. viooz.. iPad.. SATRip.. iOS](https://www.reddit.com/41n15x),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Untouchables.. 1987"".. .. for.. mobile.. MP4.. FilmClub.. 720p.. dailymotion.. download.. HDRip](https://www.reddit.com/41n13n),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Twins.. 1988"".. .. thepiratebay.. DVD5.. coolmoviezone.. imdb.. direct.. link.. EZTV](https://www.reddit.com/41n14q)"
I beleive I have used it for in app purchases.  I think I used it for fallout shelter lunchboxes.
Honestly anything that looks along the same as freelines will work but fakes tend to have a list of downsides in my experience which I explained in [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/freeline/comments/40w34o/questions_about_commutingcurbs/) also I have seen those ones used in a few videos and they seem just fine ([seen here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpbY-9RKW5E))
Man you know an insane amount about the Beatles.
"I kinda like it. It could probably use a high polish blue, though. If SIG wants to save money, those guys at khyber pass can really blue a gun. "
As it stands we're only getting a reprint of FA Skyla. It says nothing of secret rare's though. I don't know if there are going to be any or not. I hope so. FA supporters and SR items are my favorite thing to collect.
"my uncle was in his 60s and would kiss his sister on the lips, i always thought it was weird but apparently neither of them did. and they werent incestuous at all, just to clarify"
"Ohhh a face wash makes it ok for a guy to tee off on a player who didn't even do it... who is covering up? Legit. "
"The cut off for paying your Fall and Winter terms are together last day of Sept 2015, see link. But I paid first day of October 2015, by mistake and never got charged the installment fee. 

I have been checking often to see if the University was going to add the installment charge later, but so far so good. Something that I noticed. 

http://www.financial.ualberta.ca/StudentTuitionPaymentOptions.aspx"
"#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
#===&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Ride Along 2]( http://www.operaworks.org/watch-box-office-full-movie-2016)&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=====
"
"Sorry, haven't used a gyarados in a while and was going off early morning memory"
I'd be pretty mad. You don't just kick a dude out of his house without consulting no matter what the circumstances are. It's just rude and disrespectful IMO.
"Nah. I deserved it LOR. 

Who asked me to be speak/type without a filter like Donald Trump?"
"I believe it's 6.25, or 118mm. "
My girlfriend and I recently read this book together.  I loved it
"&gt; Wooooah

Did you trip?"
Or suddenly being chased down by friends and family for some unexplained reason.
"Yes. Noticed it on the last day of the alpha. I spent most of my time in party chat though, so I can't tell you of the quality of it."
"&gt; Whichever hurts fewer people will succeed while the other is phased out or never implemented.

This is completely and absolutely false. Just look at the difference between air travel and cars. People *should* fear cars, but instead more people fear air travel. You honestly think people will rationally analyze the statistics? That's not how humans work.

Additionally, there are things I can do to protect myself and my children from stray trucks running us over and killing us. What do I do to protect myself and my children from crashing drones? Lock them inside 24/7? Cars don't make people feel helpless against danger, but drones will.

It'll take a very long time for people to accept drones in residential neighborhoods. Hell... even in 2016 some people can't accept airplanes and wind turbines in their area (and have successfully gotten government to ban them).

"
Yet Toad is the one that looks like a penis....
"I haven't experienced Bluetooth issues, thankfully. I use mine with a Jawbone headset fairly regularly. "
Pillarbreaker
Nu ii costa nimic pe aia de la Charlie Hebdo cred ca sunt de ajuns. &gt;Niciun doctor intreg la minte nu o sa se intample atat de in vazul tuturor.
and cinder blocks tied to his hands
Ax extendible baton is perfectly legal.
"It is and always has been normalized against value. If it wasn't, the city finances would be unpredictable, and city would go bankrupt in the event of a property bubble."
"Bernie is doing far better than Paul. Don't get me wrong, Paul is the most sane on the conservative side, but just volunteer wise, donations wise, polls wise.... much better."
"Trump and Hillary on equal footing.  "
EDDIE LACY IS NOT FAT
"The city my school is located at has a city ordinance that requires companies that have orange logos have the color maroon somewhere to offset our rival school's color. So all the what-a-burgers have a maroon stripe on the roofs and home Depot has maroon awnings. Because of this we have no hooter's because they don't want to comply with our law. "
feast mode!
Go for 2
"Yeah, but I wouldn't put a purifier there for my build cause that would just get in the way."
Oh thanks. I'll try that right away.
"I'd love one, please!"
Lots of good food and little activity.
"Well, prices always get lower and faster components are always just around the corner, but at some point you have to just pull the trigger and accept the fact that your hardware was basically obsolete the moment it went into production, and the manufacturer started getting ready to release a better version.

Looks like a pretty sweet build to me though with the new generation of graphics cards supposedly just months away, you might want to hold off... :)"
"Beautiful colors.  Great smile.  Is she a mix of some sort? "
"Stay strong man, every day is different and you never know if a windfall may come your way and change your life forever."
"One of my friends is fairly seriously allergic to gluten, so I've eaten plenty of gluten free food on nights out in town.

Mexican food is usually a safe option, Tequila Joe's on Vivian street are pretty good. The Mediterranean place next to Bunnings on Tory street (the name of which escapes me) has a decent selection labeled gluten free on their menu. Most Indian restaurants are safe as long as you stick to rice and poppadoms, Great India on Manners street is our usual.

The kitchen at The Hop Garden in Pirie street have always been accommodating, and usually have an alright selection of cider and other safe drinkables too.

Cafes can't help you with so much sorry.

Gluten free pizza seems to be one of the major ones still missing. I think if I had to give it up that's something I'd miss the most."
Great drive!
Just in the case with it - doesn't matter where. They work by absorbing sulphur from the air before it can tarnish the flute.
I'll probably do it once I get home. Currently at work.
"It won't keep up though. It's incredibly unsustainable. There's a reason we don't do this shit in developed economies. Even now property developers are struggling in China and there are more and more ghost cities. "
Let's go Avs
[deleted]
"what kind of guy is into girls licking his asshole? fucking weird ass shit "
"[you like that!](http://www.youlikethat.club) ... No, I do not "
Grammar aint apply in this sub
We've still got work to do. A Washington touchdown wins the game
"Hope so, only way I can stream on my PS4 browser
"
"Doesn't bother me, they studied a lot longer and did a lot more training than I ever have, they're a doctor first and man or woman second."
"Sold 400k to him, he went first no problem. "
Don't tell me what to do.
"You actually can control your speed pretty well on stairs. Enough to control you through them at least, so there definitely some recalculating happening on the stairs. And yeah DH bikes don't like to be pedaled hard.
"
"I still think the question is relevant, since it DOES seem logic, but as we all know, you can´t always treat women logically. And this is where experience comes in handy, because the more you have, the easier you can distinguish when to apply logic and when not.

In theory your advice sounds like the way to go that´s why im favoring it at the moment, but I wanted to know if you have practical knowledge to back your theory up. (Looking into your post history, you seem to be ""bluer"" than many here in the TRP Community, and more often than not this correlates with a low lay count or inexperience)

I do not mean to offend, I just want to know your background, so I can evaluate your advice better."
"Hey man. To be honest if we put together a solid crew and gave you some quick instruction, we could probably have you through the Kings Fall raid in 2ish hours. In reality, if you were super desperate, we could split it into two days over 1 hour each. 

Once you have done it once or twice, you'll know it well enough to join in public groups and get to Oryx in roughly 1.5-2 hours again. 

The point I'm trying to make is that the time requirements for the raid may not be as formidable as you might initially think. Secondly, I'd happily participate in making something like this happen. If you'd you like to do a quick raid, let me know and we can set something up for a Friday or Saturday! "
[](/fritjoke-i) Was there ever any doubt?
What the fuck are you talking about?
Is that like allowing racism and sexism against certain groups because they are in power?
how is that guy who fell off the hood not more injured? He was completely run over by that car.
"Sorry man just a little cranky. Gotta take a drug screen and when I sent that I was on my three day hump. Didn't mean to be so hostile, but everyone who smoked a lot then tried to quit knows what I'm going through. Looking back on it I came off very aggressive and angry. Won't happen again. Thanks for taking the time to ask what was wrong. "
I've never actually gotten nauseated from just reading an article until this.  I couldn't even finish reading the details.  This is some fucking next level shit.
This combines two good ideas!
As an Australian I'd also like to note any fucking time aye cunts!
"Usually traffic/provincial offenses court is very busy. From my experience, the Crown is usually willing to make deals if you are being reasonable. Lie about pleaing guilty to the negotiated charge or act like an ass, you'll be on trial for the full ride and possibly more. As I eluded to before, you catch more flies with honey than vinegar.

Also I've only ever been stopped twice for tickets(also when a teenager) and got the full ride for both. I've never received a warning either but if you mess up, you should be prepared to pay the piper. Warnings are nice but not a given."
"They treat my younger brother the same, coincedentally the only other one in the family who was  adopted :T My older brothers that (the actual siblings) aren't much help as the 19yo usually just leaves me alone and the 22yo is just as bad considering he has nearly killed me before. As for the other ""siblings"", most people never believed me when I tried to alert them, and reporting it is hard anyway especially since they're in so much control over my life,  being my guardian and all. As this quote sums up nicely, ""People don’t realize how hard it is to say something is wrong when the person you fear is watching you. A child being abused by a parent will tell the police “I’m fine” because the parent is the one in control of their life..."""
The kind of person that parties hard but is also really smart.
"Well, Peridot said the INSERTION point was over on the west coast. It's possible that the East Coast is going to be the primary emergence point. As in, the thing may be oriented in such a way that it'll rip the earth open starting from there.

Or it's possible that the drill went in at an angle, and buried it beneath the East coast. Homeworld's last bastion of defense may have been on the west coast at the beta kindergarten, and as such, had to injected in from that point to allow it to grow beneath the Rebel's base camp."
"Good answers here already but the ""Slave"" part takes on new meaning here though...See many wage slaves are un trained. Lots of them are shoved full of skilwires and chipped for what is needed at the time (At least in the shadowrun world my GM runs....it is a bit dark :P ) Thing is they dont own skillwire system,  the parent corp dose. THis means that in order to quit you have to give it back. In a world of extraterritoriality, it may be cheaper to pay life insurance than it is to properly remove the cyberware. "
"You're wrong actually. Pigs are clean animals contrary to popular belief. I have one too and you would have no idea when you walk into my house except for the giant crate. "
"That isn't really metal, it is actually kinda adorable."
"The systems that put those methods of division in place are old and not fit for today's society (at least in the more developed countries, I can't talk for the others). 

Sure, there needs to be some third-party mediator between the two to sort things out if they can't agree on it themselves, but this is just an uncomfortably out of date system of separation. 

If the law truly deem both genders just as capable of ownership and legal competence as each other, we wouldn't have this. But we do."
use it and tell us what happens
Same as these: https://www.reddit.com/r/Repsneakers/comments/3v2fb3/review_rick_owens_drkshdw_ramones/
The best sound is right here
Enjoy living in a country with a rape rate higher than African countries.
"~~There are a number of precedents for bathing in certain things allowing you to retain your youth. And the aliens do store people in those big tanks...~~

*ahem* But that's neither here nor there. I'm torn between preferring Dr. Vahlen being an independent helper, a rescue-VIP, or somehow turned evil. It's a tough pick."
"As someone who saves losing tickets for people who've won big - that's not correct, at least in Connecticut. Here if you claim the full amount, you're kind of flagged and they're going to take a closer look at you. You should ideally, if you're getting a lot per year, claim around 35% worth in losers."
As do i
"In my experience, the most concisely I can tell the difference is that:

Computer science will focus on programming, with more classes on things along the lines of data structures, algorithms, and math. This will involve higher level languages such as python.

Computer engineering you learn more of how the computer does that. You learn some electrical engineering and more specifically how a processor works and moves bits. This involves more low level programming, such as C and assembly. 

Both will have overlap in classes, and is only my experience/perception. If you are interested in embedded systems, computer engineering would be better. If you are interested in higher level programming, maybe computer science. Neither completely exclude you from job opportunities."
SWISS CHALET POUTINE. Try it!!
Once you've mastered the basics move on to [a more advanced version]( http://imgur.com/gallery/Ybxoso0 )
dude you'll be fine. its like every other big city rn
[deleted]
"I know man. But i guess its a problem with the comunications betwen the interface of FL the VST and the Midi ... My guess will be the FL is the problem. In Presonus works like a charm form example. First of all, why is this souch a big deal and not work from the start?! ... Think about it man.
"
"this is a 128 thats been boosted from like 96 kbps, are you done now?"
"This one is the best. Thanks a lot. Also, less commercials on Sky."
"Nice one. I'll look into a bit more. Thanks! "
I'm suddenly terrified for the safety of my children.
"Maxwell stripped fp64 though, double perscision hardware take a lot of transistors and stripping that out makes a huge difference. It'll be interesting to see.  GCN beat Kepler on a transistor / performance aspect. We'll just have to wait and see. "
It's like european metros
"A simple ""Wide Left"" or maybe ""The Shank at the Bank""?"
"Your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags. Please use any of these tags which you see fit [H], [PSA], [PC], [Q], [Store]  
Tag Usage Examples:  
[H] (have) -  [H] Statrak AK-47 [W] 20 Keys  
PSA (public service announcement) - PSA: There has been a major change that needs to be known  
[PC] (pricecheck) - [PC] I need a price check on x  
[Q] (question) - [Q] what would keep price in the long run x or x?  
[Store] (store) - [Store] I have too many items to list in the topic so check my description  

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/csgotrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"do all the levers and things move?
"
"Nope, guess again after two minutes"
"High power graphics were [part of what killed the game originally](http://kotaku.com/final-fantasy-xiv-originally-failed-because-of-flowe-1548656999).

When your flower pots in 1.0 are as complex (code-wise) as a PC currently is... That's a huge optimization problem. Oddly, the better graphics in general get, the more optimization matters to users. This is a big part of why games like WoW still get a pass for poor graphics; they work fantastically on just about every computer currently working.

You'll always find people who [agree with your nostalgia](https://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/3h01q7/riversmeet_10_before_the_ice_age/) though. I'm kind of sad I didn't play it during that period, if only to understand why people miss it."
[deleted]
He streams??!?!?!
"I'd have given him a little shit like ""come on,you couldn't put on some pants?"".

But that's just the nature of combat arms. Sad part is you're right, some NCO probably lit into him because of that when the damn president himself is saying ""I'd shake his hand and congratulate him""."
"Let's plays have been around a long time. I think I saw my first one (Jedi Academy) before Roosterteeth even posted stuff on Youtube. That's amazing foresight on Geoff's part to pick it up before Let's Plays even became really popular on Youtube, back then everyone was doing it mostly for fun. "
Ss?
"Ne'ermind. After about 20 minutes of googling I found out it is a Mario Batali 4qt saucier by Dansk. Amazon list price: $190, price: $92. I picked it up for $14.99. It is unblemished inside and out."
No one is saying it doesn't add an extra flag to an account.  What EVERYONE but you are saying is that you will never have an overwatch case that takes place in a casual match
"Y'all better double check
"
[deleted]
"I'd say if dude isn't getting treatment, she can do better. if he is getting treatment, see if this is a temporary lapse as part of starting to improve."
The new berserker no longer charges you like a dumbass when attacked and the enrage now increases movement speed.
[deleted]
"Friend showed it to me, It was a myth to me before "
"I don't see any problems from the picture you posted. "
"Lol heres that guy that thinks all electronic music is techno. Go listen to your 8tracks old man. "
I think Jake Gyllenhaal could make a good case for this list. He was critically nominated for his performances in Southpaw and Nightcrawler. I think Southpaw would've flopped if it weren't for him.
"Thank you very much for the kind words, and you're certainly welcome to subscribe and contribute here anytime you want."
"Kidd was better because he was larger than CP3 was, CP's defence however would probably be all time great if he was Jordan level athletic IMO"
"Love it. Been to Saskatchewan once, so clean and quiet. Their rush hour is like DC at 3 A.M. When I was in high school I wanted to be Canadian because I listened to The Tragically Hip and Matthew Good Band, also watched hockey.

Some stuff is more expensive though, a bottle of acne wash was like over $20 CAD."
"That's great man! Keep it up "
Correct! First score.
"Thanks.  It's a legitimate orientation.  "
Salllt
That is exactly what I did
"Playing all three characters, but my warlock least. In every single way warlocks are OP... But hunters and titans are the ones who get nerfed... "
Can someone tell us what happens? I'm most certain it's a trap!
"McGregor vs Pettis, who wins?"
I sure will as soon as my hands stop shaking from this outrage
[removed]
Thanks! :D
"Anything left of Trump/Le Pen, basically."
"Pretty brilliant market strategy.  People will ""build up"" credit, and the sunk cost notion will prevent them from wanting to switch later on if someone comes along with a better deal.

(And as far as better deals are concerned, well there are a shitload of MVNOs that can match or beat those prices, no ""Google phones only"" BS required.)"
it's about time someone did this! thanks!
You would know. You're gay for Moleman.
"Reed gotta make that catch "
"It's not that. It's when your against them that you notice something is up. And spectator mode does look weird but it's mostly obvious when your on the other team. "
Paging /u/Your_Post_As_A_Movie
Can't wait for Salt &amp; Sanctuariy
"Honestly it's become my favorite movie of the last 10-15 years. I'm really tired of the haters. 

I think it's expectation that it'd be a genre film. Horror in space, no one can hear you scream type nonsense. 

When the reality is the horror elements are directly what ruined the movie. 

To me it's one of the best exploration films ever made, loaded heavy with sci fi elements to those were smart enough to understand them. 

1) The idea of a super seed, that encoded all of human life. This one is the frustrating one, because a tonne of pseudo geneticists get all twisted on their understanding of genetics. The idea is totally possible genetically, if a species was ultra advanced in genetic engineering, which is the whole fucking reason they are called engineers. The fact so many gloss over this is quite infuriating. 

2) What does it mean to create life. The whole arc of wheland is about the idea what would it mean if man could create life. People really gloss over this one again because of genre savy nonsense. When real life androids become a reality the whole concept takes on a bit of a meaning of its own. Wheland is a complete sociopath and his ego and the fact that his reality matches his ego creates really interesting questions.

3) David and a whole pile of stuff about ethics. There's a whole realm of subplots that are very real. David has a form of emotions, and yet he is not human. He has to follow orders even if he can't do a thing about this, there is so much to this idea, and to me is the best of AI in film. To create a multi dimensional character that is clearly not human is such an amazing gem. 

4)Scientist on the frontier actually discovering something. Seriously aside from a few episodes of star trek how often does this ever happen. 

"
This is news to me! I always thought they were a waste of rubies but I might give it a try in the next event to test it out.
[deleted]
"For me, ""Jesus H. Christ, that's horrible!"" and ""What the actual fuck?"" are two different reactions. The second does not necessarily imply disgust or empathy. I feel like if I have to say ""that's horrible!"" to every WTF post, the sub is missing something."
Viste que nadie mencionó el fainá? Casi nadie de otra provincia sabe como comerlo.
"I'm guessing you rent a ROOM in a nice inner city apartment for less than $250 "
"Jackson needs to be on the field "
"I know, and I'm sorry to be so harsh about it too. Optimism is a good thing and I think you should keep it.

I hope it works out!"
"East Frisia is not a part of the HRE, and is a pretty good province with Estuary, would recommend to take that province quickly. That means expand to Oldenburg first if you  start as Brunswick."
Who do you have?
"Looks like he didn't make good on his end of the deal. "
Doesn't Ben?
Any other Packers fans get confused hearing Ryan Grants name?
"Hangman's alley was the first settlement where I planned my defense, I built concrete foundations in the door facing the river in a way that the floor was at the height of a person, hoping this would stop any intruders to enter (the other door was covered with a highly dissuasive missile turret), and even if they were able to climb the wall a couple of turrets where there waiting for them.

It sounded great until the first attack, when raiders spawned in the middle of the concrete, and no gunfire could reach them although theirs destroyed half of the first floor of the settlement until I removed the floor and killed them.

The funny thing is that I didn't need to worry about the dead bodies, they were buried when I put the floor back in its place 😹😹 so mobster."
"Ooo I love crafts.  "
My guess is choiR
have you tried using a browser
"Wow, a gen 2 too. I bet that gun is older than you! I have a gen 2 G22, great guns.  "
"""No guys I just troll! And gee I sure have tried hard to get banned!"" -This guy "
Have your god damn upvote.
"Kinda like it's 8000 people murdered by black people a year (assuming there are no repeat offenders) out of the population of 41, 700,000 black people?  

Funny how the comparative smallness is evident when talking about imprisoned white supremacist groups, yet this extrapolation is rare to be found on reddit or on many other mainstream discussions about race and crime.  "
Yeah what is this clip from?
"It looks like you are using auto functions on your camera, which is why the brightness and colors change drastically. It's always a good idea to use manual functions, so you can control the aperture and white balance. Several of the shots looked totally different, even though they were filmed at the same location. It would be beneficial to use color correction in post to make your cuts look like continuous shots of the same environment, and give it a more cinematic feel. The actor's audio is jarring, because there is so much background noise that isn't heard when the actor is not speaking, maybe dub it over in post, or make sure to add the additional background noise so it doesn't feel so abrupt. Like the other person said, i really liked the music and the pace of the film.

Edit: watch the yellow hat, it seems like an important color, but it changes color during most shots. It should look the same in most shots."
Because it's an islamic thing normal people in first world countries do not think of woman as subhuman.
"downshifted to first gear while going too fast. "
"Sadly, the jury didn't follow that logic. I'm in exactly the same boat as you. There are so many holes in the prosecutions story, I cannot find him guilty. The prosecution could not prove beyond reasonable doubt that he did it. That's a ""not guilty"" for me."
"I would MUCH rather, were I a Leicester fan, face Toulon at home than Racing. "
"there is such a large gap between season one and the coming IB because the studio responsible for AW is busy making Love Live anime and related products. Love Live is extremely successful in terms of sales and popularity so ofc Sunrise would spend most of the resource on the most profitable series. AW is not a bad selling series, but when compared to Love Live, AW doesn't stand a chance"
"If you decide to keep them, you may want to ask them to put primer or more primer on your nails before adding the acrylic. Also did they start working on the old work from the previous nail shop or did they remove the old product and re-apply new? If they left the old product on and added their product on top of the old stuff could be the reason for the service break downs."
There's three on the /r/Rule34 subforum
"Check your dankvilege, memelord."
318 hunter psn hayai8
[removed]
"Yeah, they definitely didn't get along. Reminds me of that segment in ""Phaedo"" where Xanthippe wants to spend Socrates' final hours with him. But no, Socrates is busy philosophizing and has her escorted away. "
Nope. That's just fucking cruel on her part.
"Sounds like the pipeline project I did out west.  Got to walk basically from Barstow to eastern Wyoming, saw things I'd never would have seen otherwise and got paid.  Highlights: someone's isolated pot dome near the California border (we left him be), a polygnyist compound in Utah (friendly folks, actually), a beaver in Wyoming living in a pond a good  mile away from any standing tree (he'd eaten them all), and many encounters with the dumbest animals on earth (pronghorn antelope, who'd run away in shock over the next hill, then apparently forget you existed until you topped the hill too - dumber than sheep and I didn't know that was possible).  Good times indeed."
"Hello /u/Felicia-Sex-O-Pants,

Thank you for your submission. Unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to /r/videos at this time.

/r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link **and** 10 comment karma. We suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back.

We are sorry for any inconvenience caused, and look forward to your submissions in the future.

*****


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/videos) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
It doesn't look like he's tearing up in the gif to me. But more just at a loss of words that he lost a game that was already won.
[deleted]
"But that's not accurate to their cause. They're against what the Jewish Community *does* by their very nature. Look at Deal, Lakewood, parts of North Jersey. They all slowly succumb to these people. They move into towns, buy, get out of taxes, make/save/cheat &amp; **nobody** does anything about it because they don't want to be seen as *omg*, **anti-semitic**. "
"I read something on FB today about KMart hiring. "
so people are forced to lock in
"I never said one is demonstrably better than the other, I just prefer the IPB180P04 because it can handle 3X the current, plus the package is bigger so heat dissipation is not a problem.  But, by all means, use the other FET, there is nothing wrong with it.  FET's like that are regularly used for reverse polarity protection with no problems."
"/u/Zurai001, /u/TheSlitherpuff, /u/imoogle"
suggestions for penny stocks?
When i pressed tab you can see alert score
"C'mon ! NoobFromUA was working very well... too bad.

Anyway, that's the point, they claim content stealing, but once they have monopoly, they just do nothing with it, just the bare necessities."
"White knights, white knights everywhere."
The who supported by Joe Strummer &amp; The Mescaleros it was amazing.
"Cabin boy helmeppo and Gin the man-demon are both fairly bad story characters, and there are better.  But for the beginning stages of the game you have little to no choice in the matter.  Any unit that isn't a general bandit/marine fodder unit is good for you at this point. 


So you've pulled the 4star version of Kidd when you have the 5star?  That's pretty neat.  In time, it would be beneficial for you to powerup the 5star with the 4star during a special x2 event but for now you have the right idea in using the 4star one to keep your cost levels at a reasonable level.  :)"
A good tighty whitey is so sexy on a man!
"Covenant didn't have synths inside of it. They're like a town full of Maxons. "
"He definitely adapted well, but Renai's approaching and side-swapping Fairs dominated the up close aerial game until Zero became the only player who tried to contest with OOS nair's. You should have seen how many jump-over Fairs Zero hit with OOS nair until Renai just stopped doing it game 2~3. "
"&gt; Grow the fuck up, its totally brainwashing that an ENTIRE generation of our nation thinks that the only way to control animal over population is to spay, nuder and euthanize. its fucked up and its not true. 

Then why is it in countries where there isn't strong ""government brainwashing"" to spay and neuter their pets that their street are crawling with abandoned animals?

Your idyllic Chile you once vacationed in? http://southernpacificreview.com/2013/08/30/ludicrous-in-latin-america-stray-dogs/

Estimated millions in Brazil alone. Yeah, they're not put to sleep-- they're left to wander the streets, malnourished, at the mercy of people who don't give a shit. And you're insane if you think Americans wouldn't do the same exact thing were America even half as bad as its latin neighbours about street dogs-
http://sfglobe.com/2015/06/23/brazilian-animal-rescue-worker-saves-dog-with-atrocious-head-injury/

You've got two options: Don't spay your dogs, and euthanise the ones that inevitably don't get homes to keep them off the streets-- the act you called genocide-- or ~spay your goddamn dogs.~ And yeah yeah you're one of those magical sparkly few whose dogs will never breed. Goody for you, but the existence of the ASPCA proves that special sparkly snowflakes like you are a vast minority. 

And I called you a suburbanite because only a bored Denver or Spring suburbanite is so bored with living in a relatively content country that you'd have to make up insane conspiracy theories about government brainwashing and vast conspiracies to mass murder animals. Yes, animals are euthanised-- because morons don't spay them and those animals don't have anyone to pay for their care. You think the ASPCA is maniacally cackling as they kill each and every animal you chucklefuck? *One* dog is a lifetime expense, you want to tell me how 3 million animals are going to find enough money for their home and care *as well* as all the socialisation and freedom they need to be happy? 

I call you a goddamn suburbanite because you know *so little* of the world beyond your tiny little cousin fucking bubble that you honestly think the United States has it worse off than anyone else, especially when it comes to the care of animals."
Like Judge Dredd movie? WHO was he?
"You can get a maglite with a pointed cap. "
"
# *STREAM MOVIE ""Spider-Man 2 2004""  video 480p MKV x264 BDRip putlocker megashare dubbed*

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description movie **Spider-Man 2 2004**:

&gt;  Peter Parker is beset with troubles in his failing personal life as he battles a brilliant scientist named Doctor Otto Octavius.

&gt; .


***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Spider-Man 2 2004***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Spider-Man%202%202004)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Spider-Man 2 2004***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Spider-Man%202%202004)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Spider-Man 2 2004***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Spider-Man%202%202004)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Spider-Man 2 2004***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Spider-Man%202%202004)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Spider-Man 2 2004***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Spider-Man%202%202004)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Spider-Man 2 2004***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Spider-Man%202%202004)
***

&gt; . 

&gt; .spider-man 
2 
2004 
online
spider-man 
2 
2004s
spider-man 
2 
2004 
full 
movie 
online
spider-man 
2 
2004 
trailer 
cartoon 
styles
spider-man 
2 
2004 
book
Spider-Man 
2 
Reviews 
- 
Metacritic
spider-man 
2 
2004
Spider-Man 
2 
movie 
reviews 
&amp;amp; 
Metacritic 
score: 
In 
the 
second 
installment 
in 
the 
Spider-Man 
series 
based 
on 
the 
classic 
Marvel 
Comics 
hero 
Tobey 
Maguire 
ret
spider-man 
2 
2004 
dvd
spider-man 
2 
2004 
part
spider-man 
2 
2004 
dvd 
menu
spider-man 
2 
2004 
poster
spider-man 
2 
2004 
soundtrack
The 
Amazing 
Spider-Man 
2™ 
| 
Sony 
Pictures
spider-man 
2 
2004 
cast
spider-man 
2 
2004 
watch 
online
spider-man 
2 
2004 
imdb
spider-man 
2 
2004 
full 
movie
Keep 
up 
with 
the 
latest 
news 
on 
The 
Amazing 
Spider-Man 
2 
starring 
Andrew 
Garfield 
and 
Emma 
Stone.
spider-man 
2 
2004 
spider-man 
3 
2007
spider-man 
2 
2004 
toys
spider-man 
2 
2004 
vhs
spider-man 
2 
2004 
trailer
spider-man 
2 
2004 
megavideo
spider-man 
2 
2004 
costume
spider-man 
2 
2004 
review
spider-man 
2 
2004 
lost 
his 
powers
spider-man 
2 
2004 
games
spider-man 
2 
2004 
video 
game
spider-man 
2 
2004 
game

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .[WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""I,.. Robot.. 2004"".. .. 720p.. torrentz.. IPTVRip.. high.. definition.. eng.. coolmoviezone.. XViD](https://www.reddit.com/41i22c),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Mad.. Max.. Beyond.. Thunderdome.. 1985"".. .. how.. download.. butler.. DVDRip.. 720p.. high.. definition.. VHSRip.. vumoo](https://www.reddit.com/41i16o),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Spirited.. Away.. 2001"".. .. Dub.. yts.. HD.. vumoo.. yify.. no.. registration](https://www.reddit.com/41i1ol),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Mad.. Max.. Beyond.. Thunderdome.. 1985"".. .. film.. without.. signing.. 480p.. MOV.. SATRip.. online.. streaming.. Dub](https://www.reddit.com/41i1xc),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Pursuit.. of.. Happyness.. 2006"".. .. AVC.. imdb.. direct.. link.. vumoo.. without.. signing.. MKV](https://www.reddit.com/41i28b),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Rocky.. 1976"".. .. coolmoviezone.. video.. megashare.. iPhone.. high.. definition.. putlocker.. bitsnoop.. BrRip](https://www.reddit.com/41i286),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""L.A... Confidential.. 1997"".. .. HQ.. putlocker.. Tubeplus.. 720p.. yify.. FLV.. SATRip.. IPTVRip](https://www.reddit.com/41i1qg),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Raiders.. of.. the.. Lost.. Ark.. 1981"".. .. kickass.. 720p.. megashare.. XViD.. dailymotion.. full.. FilmClub](https://www.reddit.com/41i17p),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Incredibles.. 2004"".. .. film.. trailer.. high.. quality.. 1080p.. iOS.. torrent](https://www.reddit.com/41i23b),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Prestige.. 2006"".. .. without.. signing.. IPTVRip.. HDTS.. BDRemux.. DVD9.. VHSRip.. BluRay](https://www.reddit.com/41i0um),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Kill.. Bill:.. Vol... 1.. 2003"".. .. MP4.. DVD9.. torrentz.. rarBG.. MKV.. solarmovie.. movie25](https://www.reddit.com/41i16s)"
"Ha. "
"But, when you say ""well"", what you mean is ""carefully drilled and sealed aquifer"" right? not ""open pit with a pump/bucket to get top-level groundwater"".

right?"
"what if their are certain cultural concerns that *may* fall along ethnic lines, not all cultures are created equal. i certainly wouldn't blame a woman for not wanting to date a hard core christian or muslim because their culture is anti woman in many respects and they tend to value having their women bare foot and pregnant. "
"Wow people buy those? Why? "
"132 million, to be more precise

http://www.unicef.org/media/media_45279.html"
No
"I always play without multiplayer, coz im absolute shit at it.... I prefer the thrill of horror than pvp ganks.. :P"
Can you back that statement up with a good reason?
"Yeah, you have to search for the non-awakened names of nat 4 or 5. Only the 2* and 3* mons have already been updated to the new design where you can also find them by their awakened names."
They used to call that instant feedback
You have the majors in the AP and Next Gen seats. The only things I would recommend considering is the dual motor for performance and efficiency and the upgraded sound system. Hopefully you can get to a showroom and try out cars with and without these features to see for yourself.
[deleted]
"That is correct. We work in litres over here. Not sure why to be honest, everything else is in imperial."
__^[wow ^so ^verify]__: ^/u/NotAHatBot ^-&gt; ^/u/who_gnu __^Ð100 ^Dogecoins__&amp;nbsp;^__($0.019685)__ ^[[help]](http://www.reddit.com/r/dogetipbot/wiki/index)
"Why would it take multiple extreme graphics cards to render a ""high"" quality model like what's shown in the picture?

You don't even need to zoom in to see how meh the texture quality is.

EDIT: Since he deleted his comment, he said he thinks two of the most powerful graphic cards in existence are required to render this model."
I can't dance.  I'm white as hell
"I went through several phases to final acceptance. I mean, at first I thought I was being mocked. After that I started accepting that maybe some women did find me attractive. Then I started resenting women for being attracted to me, because I would think, ""You don't even know me! Would you have liked me if I were still fat?!""  

I think that resentment is because I hadn't accepted that who they were attracted to really was me. I considered that while I wasn't attractive before, why should I be upset that I'm attractive now? That resentment was old-fat-me pissed off that I wasn't an attractive person, except I was an attractive person all of a sudden. So I had to become not-old-fat-me in my brain, to kind of catch up with my looks.  

After all that, I don't even consider looks anymore. I find it amusing when women can't think straight if I smile. I find it amusing when I get compliments and I actually take them to heart. There's not a fat-filter anymore and life's just easier. It's easier talking to people, getting what I want, going up stairs, doing a fucking cartwheel. Everything just got easier.  

Except staying warm, that shit has only gotten worse. Fuckin freezing all the time."
"Followed by people like you consistently whining and adding nothing to the conversation. 

We can all agree the Flint water scandal is despicable and deserving of more attention. "
"The reason there are bartards is because people without anxiety are taking them and not getting the therapeutic effects. They just get the mild euphoria for a few weeks.

I use it for chronic anxiety get no euphoria from it, only a happy sense that my anxiety is subdued an I can talk to people again."
"Looks pretty good but Elsa definitely has bigger breasts than that, it kinda doesn't fit her."
"Yes it's a colossal fuck up, but it's a colossal fuck up on the scale of an entire city/region covering *years*. 

No one person feels like they're to blame because there are probably hundreds that you could lay some amount of blame on; are we supposed to fire/arrest/whatever anyone who ever worked on the flint water system? What if the guy who finally gave the technical/engineering okay to the switch to river water honestly thought it wouldn't be a problem? It's not immediately apparent that any reasonable engineer would have concluded differently at the time.

If there is direct evidence that Person X knew the new water was harming people/raising lead levels and failed to act, then the finger-pointing can start. Until then, I think it's premature to just start blanketing accusations."
"English? "
[deleted]
The idea of there being many many empty foreclosed homes while there are homeless is a national disgrace. Poverty on the scale seen in the US should be seen as a national emergency with associated special powers to seize assets for the national good.
"check my inv, and tell me if you are interested"
"And he's a diving whinging cunt.
Extremely good footballer though that's undeniable."
"Oh, is it not old age?"
I love Shadowmoon. LOOK TO THE SKIES HERO!
"Congratulations, you just told PD what to wack with the nerf bat.  

btw the are many permutations of the stard-lord + other combo.  "
"I'm female, but you can call me ""dude"" - my sister and (female) best friends and I have been calling each other ""dude"" since we were kids.

And thanks! \^_^"
"what's your point? they should all get guns and they'll be happy? "
Poppade cds och oneshottade
Not in my experience. Plus 20somethings think they know it all and don't think they're being paid enough 'for what they do'. lol
"Joined a pretty big corp a week ago have been doing lots of fleets since then. Not really what i want to do in the game tho, would love to Solo-PvP i just dont have the slightest idea how to do it."
"Yes, it has to be magic. If I want to play a new champ without using team builder on EUW, I would have to dodge an immense amount of games."
17) [Mellywobbles](https://www.reddit.com/r/RandomActsofCards/comments/41i2ca/thank_you_to_more_great_people/)
"Hypothetically speaking, if I were of the affluent type, if Sanders were to win, why on earth would I keep my assets, in the United States? 

You don't *stay* rich by rolling over when tax code changes are not in your favor. lol"
"Millisecond from pissin, a green spider rappelled down right next to my face. Had it been a second later, I'd have jumped up AND peed all over myself.  "
Who did she like???
"i actually thought of this idea while sitting on a plane.  my wife thought i was retarded, but hey so did einstein's.  Look it up - it's true.  I thought it would be neat if you go to the airport, get into a detached fuselage.. you load all your bags yourself.  then the fuselage gets towed to and attached to the plane.  i think it would be cool if the fuselage was put on a rollercoaster track and maybe goes down a big waterfall like splash mountain and you gently click into the plane at the end.  the whole parachute thing was also involved in my daydream.  totally have no idea if the engineering works out.  but i'm pretty sure this will happen someday and someone will make tons of money."
"dude i know you're not making guns that much anymore

i know what you're doing man

ever since i said you made 1.5 guns a day 

you turned that 1.5 into a 0.2 on purpose 

i know what you doinggg.....im watching youuu"
"What /u/DabangRacer said. I give Club Ta and the new Freebird a little more credit than FF though. Pour another out for Ruailrock as well which closes next month, and I think I heard Channel1969 might not be around much longer as well. 

Venues mostly do rental shows, so the best way to find the best shows is to follow bands you like and see what other bands they play with, play in, or are friends with. Otherwise, read up on DoIndie.co.kr or find like-minded music communities on Facebook. 

Two of the best bands I would recommend these days are the psychedelic-blues-rock band Billy Carter and the two-piece group Dead Buttons, both of which have just released new material and videos. There's no such thing as not liking either of those bands. 

There are shows in Hongdae catering to foreigners also, and you can usually spot them because they (1) are at FF, (2) start after 9:30, and/or (3) cost too much. Not going to say these shows should always be boycotted, though it would take me a lot of willpower to go to an FF show starting at 10:30 for 15,000 won. And there are shows that don't cater to foreigners that have a lot of foreigners at them, as you'll find at Yogiga or most hardcore shows."
Is it rust?
I'd recommend wrapping a coal from the previous night in leather or hide. That is going to be a lot more reliable than a mushroom cap.
"Hey, as I said earlier, you do you. 

I, personally, did not have a terrible experience in India. Overall, I had a good one. It's one of the more tiring places to travel (it's not like Western Europe or anything), but I never felt particularly unsafe and I got to see a lot of cool things, eat good food, and meet nice people. That's why I originally lumped it in with South East Asia, because my overall travel impressions of them were similar. Good value, interesting things to see, good food, but exhausting. Again, overall I did find India more aggressive, but the touts and such in touristy Thailand and Malaysia weren't slouches and it would take effort to get them to back off.

Don't go if you don't wanna go, of course. But I'd go back.  "
"Standard. "
"Alliance players were outplaying people left and right on individual level. Dendi doesn't outplay a random T2 person nowadays because 5 years ago he was one of the few who knew how lane control works, now it's common 3k knowledge. Laning used to be ultra boring and ridiculously stale. Snowballing the game entirely off the laning stage is even more boring because it's just wasted time and the whole entire potential of what a game can offer."
"Close, but 2H2. There's no such thing as H4."
"They have an extremely lightweight shield on every capsule called a ""whipple shield"". It has stopped every micrometeor from killing them so far, but they're worried a large enough hit would make the capsule burst open like a balloon. "
"No, sorry."
I'm still trying to figure out Whatever Happened to Robot Jones
"It's simple. California driver.

Source: Las Vegas driver. Y'all are terrible."
"One of the cleanest solos i've seen, excellent control and technique. Great job!"
"It's never too late to apologize.  Admit what you did and why to the person and your feeling of guilt will go away.  What's the worst that's going to happen, the person will hate you?"
That isn't a link to your RMM page... you aren't even in either of those comment threads.
"&gt; Or soviet Communism?

1\. In terms of wealth inequality? [Easily.](https://gowans.wordpress.com/2012/12/21/do-publicly-owned-planned-economies-work/)

2\. In terms of a lack of poverty? Once they emerged from the initial period when they faced crisis after crisis after crisis (civil war, famine caused by severe drought, the invasion of the Nazis) and the planned economy had a chance to work, [yes, definitely](https://gowans.wordpress.com/2012/12/21/do-publicly-owned-planned-economies-work/).

3\. It should also be said that it doesn't make sense to compare the u.s. and the Soviet Union one-to-one. The u.s. during the 20th century was very wealthy because it had been developing as an industrial power for at least a century by 1917--and because the u.s. was and is an imperialist power, so it must be understood that much of the country's material wealth was not being produced within the system but was being imported after being robbed from the rest of the world at gunpoint. Meanwhile, the Soviet Union had just emerged from a basically feudal economy and wasn't being enriched by imperialism, so of course in certain ways their ability to produce infrastructure and goods was much less than that of the united states in 1917, and so, of course, it was lower for a few decades after its creation. Despite this, their planned economy allowed them to grow extremely rapidly and quickly raise the standard of living."
he's got the legs of a holocaust survivor.
"10€ coins that were printed when the Germany hosted the World Championship , I still have them. They might be worth some money."
"He makes normal stuff, I remember seeing that album and others before"
my best friend right now is Canadian and he was legally dead from alcohol poisoning at age 14. I don't know which side of the argument that would help. So.... LOUD NOISES!
Cruz. I like him more than Dillashaw but I'm still not that fond of him.
I've always wanted to get into archaeology for the mount.  But it's just such a grind.
There absolutely is. I wouldn't be surprised if he makes a lot of money off of this sort of stuff and tamer works.
What a biatch. If she had threatened people like that in the US someone would have knocked her ass out cold. Swedes need to stand up for themselves.
"I love dance more than just about anything, but it has taken control of every aspect of my life and I can't escape it.

My favorite shoes got retired because they didn't have enough arch support and I didn't want to ruin my feet for dance, I no longer eat carbohydrates, and all of my expendable income goes directly to dance expenses.

I just want to for once be able to rock my casual heels, eat some fucking potatoes, and treat myself to a manicure or something. But nope. Gotta go for a run in my therapeutic sneakers to work off the salad I just ate. The manicure will have to wait until competition time."
Stop.
"[Even better comment on this thread about AA](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/41fj8j/cmv_i_believe_affirmative_action_is_a_blatant/cz2ctgv)

You're right about it not being exclusively for blacks/Native Americans. However, why do you think the playing field has been leveled? Do you really think everyone in this country, regardless of race, has equal opportunity?

And why is it asinine to say that Native Americans didn't come to the US voluntarily? I meant join the country of the US voluntarily, not migrate to the continent of North America."
"Jeremy.  Straight, fit, blonde as Fort Knox, and always wore loose shirts that showed off some pits that made me salivate like Niagara. "
"Recently, it was the vote out of Savage. He was someone I loved to hate, so to see him go down to an idol and just barely make the jury was a fist-pumping moment for me. "
"No worries, golden noz gives enough gold for normal noz Kappa"
"Agreed only trolls would go out of the way to do it or the random less than 1% of the time that it happens accidentally. "
"If the contact is incidental or the person was pushed into the kicker it's not a penalty, leaves a lot of fuzzy judgement room which leads to it rarely being called."
Didn't germany invent a lot of stuff under national socialism? Humans don't lose their intellect just because they live under a specific economic or political system.
tagged.  im holding you to it
Religion
"
# *FREE MOVIE ""Breakfast at Tiffany's 1961""  subtitles youtube srt BDRip online 1080p*

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description movie **Breakfast at Tiffany's 1961**:

&gt;  A young New York socialite becomes interested in a young man who has moved into her apartment building.

&gt; .


***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Breakfast at Tiffany's 1961***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Breakfast%20at%20Tiffany's%201961)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Breakfast at Tiffany's 1961***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Breakfast%20at%20Tiffany's%201961)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Breakfast at Tiffany's 1961***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Breakfast%20at%20Tiffany's%201961)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Breakfast at Tiffany's 1961***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Breakfast%20at%20Tiffany's%201961)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Breakfast at Tiffany's 1961***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Breakfast%20at%20Tiffany's%201961)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Breakfast at Tiffany's 1961***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Breakfast%20at%20Tiffany's%201961)
***

&gt; . 

&gt; .Breakfast 
at 
Tiffany's 
(1961) 
at 
Reel 
Classics
breakfast 
at 
tiffany's 
1961 
torrent
breakfast 
at 
tiffany's 
1961 
imdb
breakfast 
at 
tiffany's 
1961 
film
1 
Moon 
River 
0:00:00 
2 
Something 
For 
Cat 
0:02:41 
3 
Sallys 
Tomato 
0:05:48 
4 
Mr. 
Yunioshi 
0:08:54 
5 
Big 
Blow 
Out 
0:11:23 
6 
Hub 
Caps 
and 
Tail 
Lights 
0:13:50 
7
breakfast 
at 
tiffany's 
(1961) 
subtitles
The 
original 
trailer 
to 
1961's 
""Breakfast 
at 
Tiffany's"" 
starring 
Audrey 
Hepburn 
and 
George 
Peppard. 
fabaudrey.com
breakfast 
at 
tiffany's 
1961 
movie
breakfast 
at 
tiffany 
1961 
download
breakfast 
at 
tiffany's 
1961
breakfast 
at 
tiffany's 
1961 
poster
breakfast 
at 
tiffany's 
1961 
english 
subtitles
""Moon 
River"" 
music 
by 
Henry 
Mancini 
lyrics 
by 
Johnny 
Mercer. 
Hear 
Audrey 
Hepburn 
sing 
""Moon 
River"" 
(a 
.MP3 
file). 
Moon 
River 
wider 
than 
a 
mile
breakfast 
at 
tiffany's 
1961 
full 
movie
Breakfast 
at 
Tiffany's 
(1961) 
- 
Rotten 
Tomatoes
Breakfast 
at 
Tiffany's 
(film) 
- 
Wikipedia 
the 
free
Breakfast 
at 
Tiffany's 
(1961) 
- 
Quotes 
- 
IMDb
Breakfast 
at 
Tiffany's 
trailer 
- 
YouTube
breakfast 
at 
tiffany's 
1961 
watch 
online 
free
Directed 
by: 
Blake 
Edwards: 
Produced 
by: 
Martin 
Jurow 
Richard 
Shepherd: 
Screenplay 
by: 
George 
Axelrod: 
Based 
on: 
Breakfast 
at 
Tiffany's 
1958 
novella 
by 
Truman 
Capote
Call 
me 
simple 
but 
when 
it 
comes 
to 
starting 
my 
day 
right 
I 
prefer 
breakfast 
at 
MikkyDees. 
Those 
Egg 
McMuffins 
wit' 
Egg 
sandwiches 
surely 
they 
be 
nought 
but 
the
Lyrics 
to 
""Moon 
River"" 
from 
Breakfast 
at 
Tiffany's 
(1961
Overview 
of 
Breakfast 
at 
Tiffany's 
1961 
directed 
by 
Blake 
Edwards 
with 
Audrey 
Hepburn 
George 
Peppard 
Patricia 
Neal 
at 
Turner 
Classic 
Movies
Breakfast 
at 
Tiffany's 
(1961) 
- 
Listal 
- 
List 
the 
stuff
Based 
on 
Truman 
Capote's 
1958 
novella 
of 
the 
same 
title 
BREAKFAST 
AT 
TIFFANY'S 
(1961) 
is 
the 
story 
of 
a 
woman 
on 
her 
own 
making 
her 
way 
in 
the 
big 
city.
breakfast 
at 
tiffany's 
1961 
dvdrip
Breakfast 
at 
Tiffany's 
(1961) 
Quotes 
on 
IMDb: 
Memorable 
quotes 
and 
exchanges 
from 
movies 
TV 
series 
and 
more
Breakfast 
at 
Tiffany's 
Full 
Album 
1961 
- 
YouTube
The 
Official 
Website 
| 
Breakfast 
At 
Tiffany’s
breakfast 
at 
tiffany's 
1961 
audrey 
hepburn
breakfast 
at 
tiffany's 
(1961) 
online
breakfast 
at 
tiffany's 
1961 
megavideo
breakfast.at.tiffanys.1961.hdtv.720p.h264 
subtitles
Breakfast 
at 
Tiffany’s 
the 
classic 
tale 
of 
Holly 
Golightly 
written 
by 
Truman 
Capote 
and 
so 
memorably 
portrayed 
by 
Audrey 
Hepburn 
in 
the 
iconic 
1961 
film 
is 
being
Breakfast 
at 
Tiffany's 
(1961) 
- 
Overview 
- 
TCM.com
Holly 
Golightly: 
Well 
when 
I 
get 
it 
the 
only 
thing 
that 
does 
any 
good 
is 
to 
jump 
in 
a 
cab 
and 
go 
to 
Tiffany's. 
Calms 
me 
down 
right 
away. 
The 
quietness 
and 
the 
proud

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .[ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Friday.. the.. 13th.. 1980"".. .. BDRemux.. 720p.. 480p.. iOS.. FLV.. streaming](https://www.reddit.com/41i33y),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Dune.. 1984"".. .. srt.. 1080p.. no.. pay.. DVD5.. video.. high.. quality](https://www.reddit.com/41i3e7),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Pretty.. Woman.. 1990"".. .. HQ.. watch.. FLV.. x264.. DVDRip.. look.. trailer.. dubbed](https://www.reddit.com/41i3ln),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Sting.. 1973"".. .. torrent.. android.. HQ.. imdb.. 480p.. BDRip](https://www.reddit.com/41i2jd),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Into.. the.. Wild.. 2007"".. .. MKV.. extratorrent.. coolmoviezone.. FilmClub.. HDTS.. bitsnoop](https://www.reddit.com/41i2o3),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Inglourious.. Basterds.. 2009"".. .. no.. pay.. movie25.. high.. definition.. mac.. movie4k.. look.. iPhone](https://www.reddit.com/41i38u),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""Some.. Like.. It.. Hot.. 1959"".. .. DVD9.. streaming.. imdb.. solarmovie.. MKV.. x264](https://www.reddit.com/41i3d4),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""Snatch... 2000"".. .. android.. Tubeplus.. watch.. no.. registration.. eng.. direct.. link](https://www.reddit.com/41i3nd),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""Hellraiser.. 1987"".. .. butler.. XViD.. 1280p.. high.. definition.. torrentz.. BDRip.. movie.. now](https://www.reddit.com/41i2sa),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Bourne.. Ultimatum.. 2007"".. .. video.. how.. watch.. online.. 1080p.. iPhone.. link.. to.. view.. vumoo](https://www.reddit.com/41i3la),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Mary.. Poppins.. 1964"".. .. HDRip.. kickass.. solarmovie.. now.. DVD9.. movie](https://www.reddit.com/41i3cz)"
lol
" #NSWBias"
"My favorite was the Megan Olivi one that always talked about BBC. "
"You know you are on a list now, right?"
"Your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags. Please use any of these tags which you see fit [H], [PSA], [PC], [Q], [Store]  
Tag Usage Examples:  
[H] (have) -  [H] Statrak AK-47 [W] 20 Keys  
PSA (public service announcement) - PSA: There has been a major change that needs to be known  
[PC] (pricecheck) - [PC] I need a price check on x  
[Q] (question) - [Q] what would keep price in the long run x or x?  
[Store] (store) - [Store] I have too many items to list in the topic so check my description  

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/csgotrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"[Flying Lotus](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=flying+lotus+putty+boy+strut) (mostly instrumental hip-hop/jazz)

[Windhand](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQAosHybZew) (Doom metal)

[Earth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEiRKpflgQA) (Western Doom)

[infinite body](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08LzKB9bqtY) (Ambient noise)"
"Can't argue with that.  There are evidently a lot of dumb fucken Australians. I'd like to think they're just easily led by Murdoch media, but there's always the chance they're stupid off their own back.. "
"I haven't gone over 20g of carbs since 1/1/16

I drink a variety of sugar free energy drinks, and I've recently started using two different low carb protein shakes (which I add some cream to for breakfast) the protein shakes specifically are the strawberry quest one, and the salted caramel from bulknutrients. 

I usually drink sugar free mother and my ketones were fine, v zero has been on special lately so I've swapped to that, I'm not sure if it's the new energy drink or the protein shakes that's causing it, but something has tanked my levels from 1.1-1.8 to 0.2-0.3

I think I need to cut the shit, stop drinking all of it and get back to basics :/


Edit; this isn't my first time keto, I've been doing it for a bit over a year now "
Not sure what you mean.  It looks like it properly handled it just fine.
LOL
"Fun fact, this is actually a white throated sparrow, not a chickadee :)﻿"
"Wasn't that 1350 already paid as a deposit? If so, did you pay a portion of it in the beginning? If so, it seems you've already mentally washed your hand of both the place and her, so tell her if she thinks cleaning it will get her money back she can keep it."
"Exarch survives bolt (and Bell Ringer does too, but it would force a weaker manabase)."
"ATGATT is a golden rule for me, and rider courses are mandatory in my country in order to get a driving licence ;-) (France)"
/u/trollabot OfficialMSPainter
"""Expecting"""
&gt;\#NotAllMen
"Thanks for the notice, i was thinking of the inner ear aea like where a Qtip is pushed into. "
"Wow, that first paragraph really hit home given that he spent a week doing most of those things.  One minute he was saying he wanted to work on a, b, or c, and then the next minute he was punishing me for abandoning him.  Anytime he lost control of the situation he bombarded my phone, tried to make me feel guilty, and then asked the real reason why I left him.  It was so exhausting.  I was with my mother helping her with cancer treatment and he would act concerned and ask about her, and then call me selfish when I spoke about how I could not fight because I was trying to help my mother fight for her life.  

Fortunately, I have had a weekend planned in Vegas with a girlfriend this upcoming weekend.  

Thank you for your kind words.  Coming out of an abusive relationship where someone made me question my reality and my perceptions sometimes makes it hard for me to justify my feelings and thoughts.  Your response was very helpful, I am sorry you have also had to walk this road.  "
"Cynics look high and low for wisdom—and never find it;
    the open-minded find it right on their doorstep!"
I heard ESPN was going to add eSports content as well.
"not looking good, poor bugger"
"The original owners of the debt might not settle for 50%, but I know from experience that once a debt has been sold a few times, the new owners paid so little for it that 50% is a pretty good payday.

This case is a little bit different, in that he already has a judgement against him, and if the original owner of that judgment is still trying to collect, he won't get much of a deal; but if the judgement has been sold as well, his odds of negotiating to 50% go way, way up. 

The problem with negotiations is that to get a good deal, you have to be willing to sit and wait; and with that much cash on hand, hitting the ATM to find your account legally cleaned out to $0 is a real possibility.  I would suggest that the OP think about putting some of that money into some kind of non-cash investment vehicle, just to make it harder to find and garnish.

Having a good cash flow also opens him up to the possibility of wage garnishment ( a quick google says up to 25% of your paycheck can be garnished with a valid judgement).  Once they have a garnishment in place, there will be very little room to negotiate.  "
That trump cray
Probably just because it supports that many controllers.
There would be such a circlejerk around Shenmue.
"wtf no kanye "
Out of subs
"Your annoyance is our amusement. "
Porukoilla oli muutama pullo jouluna. On kyllä niin suunmukaista että yksi suosikkialkiholijuomiani. Kuin nestemäistä leipää joisi.
"I enjoyed your story immensely!  :)  I like the point of view you used.  "
"Eh, eating these types of things is normal in some parts of the world."
"Put Brunch Under the Fireplace. Comes from an episode of The Brady Bunch, where a new foreign neighbor moves in. ""Put brunch under the fireplace"" becomes his catchphrase as apparently in his culture it's an idiom that means ""may you long provide for your family and may your memes be dank."" Pretty obscure reference, but my grandmother still uses it. 

[Source](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ) "
I meant trade them away
I have not. Where might I find it? I am using a Little Dot 1+ atm. I do turn it close to full power on certain classical pieces. Very enjoyable sound.
*bated* breath
Looks like a inconsitence in the Collision-Model of that Biolab part.
Congrats! You've received 1 point for guessing the final score correctly.
Don't forget to epoxy your wifi antenna too just to be safe. And your built in microphone too - important to defend against BadBIOS.
"Too bad ""pro gamer "" is not a job they give working visas for."
"&gt; I consider myself fairly well read in SF.

Let me suggest that you aren't nearly as well read as you would have yourself believe and that your search capabilities leave much to be desired. Even a cursory search of Wikipedia turns up considerable information about all three.

[Joanna Russ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joanna_Russ), Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame 2013
&gt; Notable short works include Hugo winner and Nebula Award finalist ""Souls"" (1982), Nebula Award and Tiptree Award winner ""When It Changed"" (1972), Nebula Award finalists ""The Second Inquisition"" (1970), ""Poor Man, Beggar Man"" (1971), ""The Extraordinary Voyages of Amélie Bertrand"" (1979), and ""The Mystery of the Young Gentlemen"" (1982). Her fiction has been nominated for nine Nebula and three Hugo Awards, and her genre-related scholarly work was recognized with a Pilgrim Award in 1988.[8] Her story ""The Autobiography of My Mother"" was one of the 1977 O. Henry Prize stories. 

Joanna Russ also has a [Goodreads page](http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/52310.Joanna_Russ).

[James Tiptree Jr.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Tiptree,_Jr.), Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame 2012

* Hugo Awards: 1974 novella, ""The Girl Who Was Plugged In""; 1977 novella, ""Houston, Houston, Do You Read?""
* Nebula Awards: 1973 short story, ""Love Is the Plan the Plan Is Death""; 1976 novella, ""Houston, Houston, Do You Read?""; 1977 novelette, ""The Screwfly Solution"" (published as by Raccoona Sheldon)
* World Fantasy Award: 1987 collection, Tales of the Quintana Roo
* Locus Award: 1984 short story, ""Beyond the Dead Reef""; 1986 novella, ""The Only Neat Thing to Do""
* Science Fiction Chronicle Award: 1986 novella, ""The Only Neat Thing to Do""
* Jupiter Award: 1977 novella, ""Houston, Houston, Do You Read?""

&gt; Japanese-language translations of her fiction also won two Hayakawa Awards and three Seiun Awards as the year's best under changing designations (foreign, overseas, translated). The awards are voted by magazine readers and annual convention participants respectively:[26]

James Tiptree, Jr. also has a [Goodreads page](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27058.James_Tiptree_Jr_).


[Pat Cadigan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pat_Cadigan)
&gt; a 2013 Hugo Award for ""The Girl-Thing Who Went Out for Sushi"" in the Best Novelette category, presented at LoneStarCon 3, the 71st World Science Fiction Convention, held in San Antonio, Texas over the 2013 Labor Day weekend, and the Arthur C. Clarke Award both in 1992 and 1995 for her novels Synners and Fools.
&gt; 
&gt; Robert A. Heinlein in part dedicated his 1982 novel Friday to Cadigan after becoming her friend, following her being the guest liaison to him for the 34th Worldcon in Kansas City.

Cadigan also has a [Goodreads page](http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/27841.Pat_Cadigan).

&gt; someone I refuse to give more money to. 

We are defined by the bubbles we create for ourselves. Yours might not be as big as you want - or should want - it to be.
"
"Ahh, I see. Thank you! 
I was a bit surprised when I got to the end and realized I didn't do the uh, Alphys side-quest. That makes sense, now. Thanks for clearing that up for me. :)"
*True
"People keep blaming Regi for potentially saying something about illegal visas in LCS, sorry he wants people to play by the rules. Even so, if riot is caught with people playing illegally that could be a huge impact on the scene, especially while its growing. Quit blaming people for wanting to play by the rules, do things the right way, and none of this would have ever happened."
Except you can't move the housing and infrastructure if the mining operation or other resources don't pan out.
I had a 2N but never really found that it fit my playstyle
"Nice OP, that's quite the steal!"
"The 3.6 does have only 12 less hp and 11 less torque than a wrx. It may not be as sporty as a wrx, but it basically has the same power as it. "
"I see. The issue you are having is that you do not see that there are more areas of knowledge than you are aware of. 

1. Known knowledge
2. Known unknown knowledge
3. Unknown unknown knowledge

You have having an issue with 3. 

There are various reasons to ask someone to pm.

1. Give them the option to do it. If they do it, it indicates they have a higher level of investment and interest.
2. Because I was on mobile and couldn't pm them. 

Instead of being reactive, investigate and validate your assumption is correct. Older people are good at this. I'm terrible at it hence the username that is meant to test me. "
The dude's getting a brace...
Up the head?  A vertical smack?  That would require vertical filming to get the upward motion.
I agree
"Yes and no, it doesn't really fit into that insane level. 

Still a good step forward because people clearly love the Delorean. 


"
"Your  GF is right, man.  That's weird, unacceptable and disrespecting of the people you live with.

If you live alone, fine.  But...get a decent ash tray, dude."
"""Who was the first man on the moon?""

""Oh easy, Neil Armstrong""

""WRONG. It's Lance Armstrong""

""..."""
"I must have 200+ games on steam, installed about 15. "
"Thanks!!

Man it's hard not to like that guy. Hope the Unicorn name sticks. "
"There great I wear them all year. I should mention I'm in Canada so I don't have the selection to choose from. But I wear them in 30C weather which is I think in the high 90sF
http://www.stcfootwear.com/product/47/safety-footwear 
The website says $399 cnd but I get them for $250 cnd at my local supplier.

I read the reviews on site and I'm not the only one who only buys them.   

Also as a side note I wear wrangler Riggs work pants. There thick but last forever. I kept ripping big bill pants.http://m.wrangler.com/TPC/coll/coll_riggs-workwear.html"
aww nuts
"**when you vegan, and haven't told anyone in 10 mins**"
"Interesting and well-written/thought out.

I knew Sans had some knowledge on the timelines, but not to the 

point of knowing everything about them as if he was/is there, much like the player.  (Great, more reason to feel bad about that Genocide run.)


Also: *implies that he has been seeing Chara/Frisk for a VERY long time.*  Care to elaborate on that? I never noticed anything that suggests that, and now you got me really interested.


"
Are you sure you're using the correct App? There's YNAB Classic for YNAB4 and YNAB for YNAB5 (The web version)
Watching Midsomer and trying to keep my eyes open at this very second!!
"Is there a place to get comprehensive information on upcoming tournaments? I've visited [mtgcoverage](http://www.mtgcoverage.com/index.php?SD=3), but it doesn't mention things like upcoming SCG Regionals, etc. Where do you all get your information?"
"Ok, try launching the game in big picture mode
"
"Look what I digged up on their site
http://imgur.com/rRZzeta"
"I used this [wig](https://arda-wigs.com/shop/inigo-classic/) in emerald green! I cut different length layers and I just used some super cheap rollers from Walmart to make the curls, and used spiking gel to keep them clean and pointy and then used a shiiiit ton of that got2b glued hairspray!
I used fake upper lashes but I always feel like bottom lashes make my makeup look too...emo?? I don't know lol
I think mascara on the bottom lashes gives enough definition, or maybe even adding a few dots of black eyeliner along the lash line also give the appearance of more defined bottom lashes (Twiggy style)!"
RIP GOP (and Hillary)
"Or Morrow is open when Westbrook is driving, and shoots a contested floater over two defenders then gives Morrow a ""my bad"" look.

I think i see that once a game every time I watch a Thunder game."
"I'm with you on this, unless it's the difference when it comes to re-signing Miller and Vernon, i'd rather eat it now. 

We've done our fair share of swinging on big names in free agency and, while I'm glad we got Suh,  that model is not sustainable. "
"Dota is small on the west/USA compared with LoL, CSGO, Hearthstone or even Smash. That's the reason, not Slasher (btw, the guy is more pro Dota than pro LoL)."
[removed]
"We're sorry, but the title of your post is incorrect in some way. Your title must appear *exactly* like this: [H] Item(s) you have [W] Item(s) wanted

Some common mistakes users tend to make with titles include:

1. Use of parentheses ""()"" or braces ""{}"" instead
2. The order of appearance was swapped
3. Having only ""[W]"" but not also ""[H]"" or vice versa - you must have both in your title

Please check to ensure that you didn't make one or more of these mistakes.

If you are selling more than 5 items, you can instead use the [Store] tag. Note that all relevant trade info still needs to be within the post without requiring the user to view an external site. Simply linking to a pricing spreadsheet site or a different trade site to sell your items is not sufficient by itself to meet the pricing rule.

You may also use the following tags for *non-trade* posts:

1. [PC] - Asking for a price check on an item.
2. [Q] - Asking a trading-related question.
3. [PSA] - Public service announcements of some value to the community.
4. [Raffle] - If you intend on doing a free raffle (raffles with any sort of buy-in are prohibited, however).
5. [Free], [Giveaway] - If you are giving something away for free, you can use either one of these tags.
6. [Discussion] - If you are asking the community to contribute and discuss something relevant to everybody.

Please also take this time to [examine our rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade/wiki/rules) for future reference.

If you intend to contact us about this action (or any other ones), please ensure that you have read this comment in its entirety (making sure to read through any relevant links) and make sure you grasp a full understanding of what it means *before* contacting us.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"""You can't modify a constant, float upstream, win an argument with the IRS, or satisfy this compiler""

– Actual C compiler error"
Hello! I'd like to buy the buffet server for 100k. :)
"It maybe had one or two comments.  I deleted my account a few weeks after this subreddit was created, but I wanted to check in on a few members only threads so I made a new one when she started allowing them again.  I'm not too disappointed, just thought it was interesting.  "
"Okay, I change my response.  I will happily rub the back of each female co-worker and give the dudes a kiss on the cheek.  Whatever will prevent them from stopping me."
And why should that be an advantage?
"&gt; The thought makes me laugh and shudder at the same time. 

Mostly because you know she would not waste the opportunity... so many dead stupid people."
What do you think of the first two of the new episodes?
"Note that I wrote ""in Canada""."
"3rd game riding the Hawes train.   i think i just threw up in my mouth.  "
It's a Canadian specialty :)
"&gt;. It is not about what they ""want"" 

Yes, it is. That's all it is about. That's the entire motivation for their migration across Europe.

&gt;Europe should stick to the letter of the convention and the problem would largely evaporate.

Until the EU can tell countries not to offer them more, someone will offer more, so that's a moot point. National sovereignty is a bitch, isn't it? Now you know why the Articles of Confederation didn't last long in the US."
"What would be the better alternative then? I've been saving for an everyday use python build. Something that I can use to travel to CGs, HazRES, and do some light pvp.  The FDL doesn't have the jump range I need to get anywhere too but it meets the combat requirements I have. "
"This was a federal 42, U.S.C., Section 1983 case, Deprivation of Rights Under Color of Law. They may have argued ""qualified immunity;"" however, the AG's Report did not help them in that argument. 

A 42, 1983 lawsuit is a complex case to win. If the Plaintiff prevails, attorneys fees are also awarded...but that varies case by case. It is not uncommon for the court to award attorney fees substantially less than than actual costs, which is why it is difficult to find a good constitutional litigator to take a case on contingency.

You can find good overviews online. Karen Blum is a noted scholar on this federal statute
http://www.fjc.gov/public/pdf.nsf/lookup/Sect1983.pdf/$file/Sect1983.pdf. (See Chapter Five) "
:OOOOOO
"That would be interesting to see. The common sense answer would be that narcan administration replaces the need for an ER visit (barring a negative reaction to the narcan itself). I think that most people, having survived an od and subsequent narcan, would be hesitant to visit an ER where they'll rack up bills and may be handed over to police."
is it cause of that move he pulled on kobe?
"Hey there! I'm on my second day as a cat 2 and I'm confused as hell about refeeds/free meals.

In the RFL handbook (first edition) Lyle's chart says that cat 2's can have 1 free meal and 1 5-hour refeed per week. Does this mean that, for example, I could have a free meal on Wednesday and a refeed on Friday? 

It looks like you don't have any free meals (?) so I was just wondering what your opinion is on the whole free meal/refeed is. 

Thanks so much!"
"Even if you put aside that it's about weed, It was a very enjoyable read. I loved all the little short stories, it reminded me of ancient stories that always had a lesson at the end"
Crush people with my dick.
"
     

To be honest i loved the S9 arc, but the S9000 arc i felt just cheapened the S9 arc.

To me the thing that made the S9 arc brilliant was the careful balance that Jack had with the group and the way he managed to walk that tightrope and keep the group together and following his lead, and i feel the S9000 arc basically just scrapped that and had the S9000 follow jack just because.

In the S9 arc you could feel jack in very real danger and in a very precarious place, trying to keep crawler satisfied, trying to figure out if the siberian would turn on him, etc.. And the S9000 arc had none of that.

To be honest if rather than 9000, Bonesaw just revived the dead S9, and then just made some proto endbringer things like blasto was originally doing, i feel it would be a narratively superior arc, while maintaining the general theme."
Wow
Pretty sure even God laughs at the Simpsons.
[deleted]
She did!
"Kami Tenchi, Othinus, much of the upper tiers of Index, some witches I don't remember the names of from Umineko, Elder God Demonbane, The Lord of Nightmares, and plenty others that I can't remember."
his leg got stuck under him as he fell
wtf
I can help you out with that.
"Except that everyone complained about the skin in the first place because RotJ Luke on Hoth made no sense. 

So if that's the case, then Hoth Luke being a Jedi is equally as immersion-breaking. "
Are you fine to run for the csm if you are a 'shareholder' for a gaming website that covers materials besides EVE?
My 130 lb girlfriend just had surgery to remove a 15 lb ovarian cyst the size of a rugby ball.
"I hope they don't update the tiny skeletons. Them being super low poly is great. "
YEEZY YEEZY YEEZY JUST JUMPED OVER COOL PANTS
"He's really humble about it though.  Shit just works for him, the smug bastard.  Fuck him."
"More great work.  Thank you. "
"Pumpkin is struggling with independent play today. Whining unless I'm looking directly at her. Ugh. Thank the old gods and new that MB's business trip next week got canceled. Didn't know how we were going to get through that. 

In other news, Pumpkin sneezed into a spoonful of carrot puree and it got EVERYWHERE. I'm still finding carrot on my clothes. I laughed for so long that she got fussy because I had stopped feeding her. "
you play the game :P
"Oh sweet baby Jesus why was that video ever brought onto the internet.

My favorite character usually changes depending on what I'm playing/reading, and as of right now it's Dragon's Dogma. I'd probably say that my favorite character right now is either Grigori or The Seneschal. The second one is more like a concept really, so I guess I default to choosing Grigori.

You'd uhh... probably do sweet flips 'n shit without much trouble since Grigori isn't really anywhere near that level of power."
lol
"So original. "
Thanks. Nice document.
"I use coconut oil or olive oil after any face wash. "
"Proof? "
"You mad because there is 1 set red, and there is about 10 other sets blue. LEL you're the joke bro "
"Every hypebeast's dream "
Popular modern music
"It just sounded ridiculous to say that he is *only* 31 :p unless you're italian, then you're just a youngster waiting for your prime"
"I think you've got the wrong comment. "
"I'm I'm glad it didnt play out that way. "
"So don't check his phone? Just ask why he wants to reconnect with this person? I don't even kniw how to casually approach that without sounding accusatory, given his past. "
https://www.instagram.com/p/BBB9uVaGk5X/
[deleted]
"Thanks. I have no idea how to claim property depreciation - does it give me an idea how to do that?

"
"Well, I'm glad we had this discussion. Thanks everybody!"
[removed]
"Damn it, that was going to be my smartass comment.  "
Had to read that back to realise the tone. My bad. I honestly didn't realise I was coming off like that.
"Anyone who has trouble assembling ikea furniture is an idiot. 

And yes, their really cheap stuff is fairly low quality, but they also sell much more solid furniture, it's just not 35 bucks per end table.

The only complaint I really think is valid is that their couches are extremely uncomfortable. But to be fair, they're about 900 bucks max and my comfortable normal couch was more than twice that."
I wouldn't hire
"/r/Enhancement Don't leave home without it, seriously though, it will improve your Reddit experience."
Party boost is up made 1k ip from 2 games with a 5 man pre-made. cash in boys
[deleted]
"Yeah, or perhaps, edit Papyrus' sprite to look like Ross, Sans' to look like Barry's, and etc. etc.?

That seems more creative than just a palette swap, though I can understand why they chose what they did (as it is indeed the aesthetic for humans to look like that."
[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/vexillology/comments/42zuy6/redesigned_flag_of_georgia/) by /u/devinlw in /r/vexillology
"I work part-time. Therefore, shoutout to my manager Paul Heyman."
"I dunno, I seem to be very good at missing. At least when I'm sitting still and carefully aiming.

Autoaiming at 30 km/h, though, I could play darts with this thing"
"Yeah, if you leave bags in, all you're really getting are more tannins, which are a bitter element of the plant, and could cause worse breath. At least, I don't know if tannins are directly related to it, but it doesn't benefit for sure."
You look like the kind of guy to use cum as hair gel
"Frank also has a feature on *Yeezus* (outro of ""New Slaves"") "
"Please don't go overboard with comment moderation. I really don't get why every sub feels the need to suck the fun out of the sub with all the ""no memes no pictures no jokes no this no that"" stuff. More often than not that stuff gets upvoted than it gets downvoted because some people enjoy the comedic relief. Any stuff that truly is negative i always see get downvoted to hell by the community. Also, ""low effort"" and ""unproductive"" is very subjective and ultimately comes down to the opinion of what the mods consider low effort/unproductive and not what actually objectively counts as such. What exactly do you consider productive and high effort? All this sub is is a Android hardware and software news aggregate that is just speculation 80% of the time. Followed by it turning into a ""here's why i do/don't like (insert hardware/software here) arguments the other 20% of the time. What super informed and intellectual conversations are you expecting here? It's not like this sub is ever brimming with high intellectual content unless a dev is doing an AMA or something. I don't mean to be overly harsh, but i'm annoyed by so many subreddits systematically starting to over police the comments section just because a loud minority (and it's **always** a loud minority) bitched about having to see picture posts they don't like or got butt hurt by a meme. It's just ridiculous and i hope you guys realize you're at the top of a slippery slope with this and that you cut people some slack."
"Also tend to favor Fear Fun to ILYHB, although my views on that may be changing. Agreed on them both being winners in the end, though."
"Honestly, no regrets at all. I don't find it lacking in the bass department at all. Everything sounds super clean and crisp.

And if you're looking for a pair I'm actually looking to sell mine right now, unfortunately. Gotta pay some bills and pay for a wedding. haha"
"Those have to be their most well known songs, i've never heard the other ones people have posted."
"6.5inch long 5 inch girth. "
"That sounds really intimidating, I don't blame you for quitting. Your supervisor sounded like she was awful. I would've put employees on a rotating schedule. "
"I don't go to a ton of sporting events, personally. Most of my stories are about people or topics outside of the game. I do sit at my desk a lot, on the phone doing interviews, research, and whatnot. But we're stepping up our event coverage in 2016."
"Abortion is legal, like it or not.  I'm not a fan and would never want to have to face that decision with my wife or kids.  

But that is an entirely different issue than donating tissue to science.   "
"There was a lady in one of the early movies named ""Octo-Pussy!!"" Not my fault."
who else would have taken it?
"The GBA SP for old stuff, the 3DS for new stuff, and the Game Gear because SEGA!"
"In fact, the good bot on Twitter isn't even the most recent version of him, that one was from several months ago. We made some improvements to his architecture since then. One of the tricks we use now is that he has two neural stacks, specialized data structures that can store contextual ""memos"" to help him keep track of the card he's creating. The policy for using those stacks are learned by the network during the training process; he keeps esoteric scribbles there and I have no idea what they mean, but evidently it translates to improved performance.

Obviously, it still makes mistakes, where ideas come out half-baked, or cards that create bizarre rules situations*. It also doesn't truly understand the rules of the game; it's just really good at faking it. That being said, a long-term solution to instability would be to have layers of filters that take whatever cards he produces and then reworks them to make them as plausible as possible whenever they turn out to be garbage (there's been some research work in that direction).

But the most exciting stuff is yet to come. [Recently RoboRosewater has taken up the brush as well as the pen](http://media-dominaria.cursecdn.com/attachments/148/918/635875825140912521.jpg), generating totally original artwork. The hope is to roll the art and flavor generation mechanisms in with the card generation pipeline, meaning that we'd get out original cards with original artwork and original flavor text. :D

 ** An example I saw yesterday: ""THIS deals 4 damage, divided any way you choose among any number of target creatures. Those creatures fight each other."" 

EDIT: [Here's the mtgsalvation thread](http://www.mtgsalvation.com/forums/creativity/custom-card-creation/612057-generating-magic-cards-using-deep-recurrent-neural) if you're interested delving into the work we've been doing. I'd jump ahead to the last few pages if I were you, since the thread is now over 100 pages long. lol"
"Having successfully sold a washer/dryer through this sub about a year ago, I'd vote ""no."" Of course, I [brought a little more panache to it](https://www.reddit.com/r/orlando/comments/2lyrit/are_you_losing_friends_because_your_clothes_stink/) than most sellers do around here.

When it comes right down to it, though, I'm opposed to banning any kind of post that's relevant to even one Orlando redditor and doesn't break reddit's overall rules. There's nothing forcing people to read posts they don't want to read."
I am fighting my mother with a microwavable pizza. This can only go well.
"&gt; If anyone had hit those deer, *he* would be liable.

Citation, please."
"Keep in mind they changed their price model this year and you can no longer do that. The free edition is for 1040A and 1040EZ only. If you need a full 1040, you need to pay."
Law is the best one.
"My GF is gunna be pissed to hear the news "
"No, you don't understand. I am very atypical when it comes to my maturity level. I know every 18 year old, I'm-an-adult-now teen says this, but for me it is absolutely true. At this point, a fwb relationship is all I'm interested in. He's definitely a man, not a boy (in emotional and mental maturity), but because I realize the negative connotations that would accompany the relationship, like your comment about his emotional health, I would not pursue a serious relationship with him solely out of respect for his reputation and character. "
"And he had the Broncos refer to him as ""The Ultimate Leader"" in their media guide and website."
69 is the new 27
hahaha
[Kyle?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfhTPwEPqK8)
"He was decent. Always prepared to roam, good early game pressure in lane. Good stuns in teamfight and a few good ults."
"&gt; it melts down

"
"It is truly beautiful around that area, I hold it very close to my heart. Love it. "
"There are nuggets of gold in the shit stream friend. Seek the gold, move the shit."
"I leave mine totally alone for the most part.  I let water run over it in the shower, but that's it. If it gets super crusty and starts to bother me I will make sure it soaks for a little in the shower, then wipe the excess crust off very gently with a rolled up piece of tissue. Other than that I don't do anything"
"Yes I am! Can you PM me with what to do next? Also did you contact me about this yet? I was waiting to hear from you, but I may have been on my sleeping medication when I checked my messages recently, and I don't remember a thing"
"Hope they make ruins somehow searchable then, otherwise this will be another BLS-size fiasco"
Easily my least favorite scene in the prequels. So much potential wasted.
"Oh no! I hope you are as concerned about your health as you are about mine. After all, people with anger issues are more likely to have heart issues and a stroke as well.
On another note, I think I followed you on twitter for a bit, and some news for you- you're fat. And it's okay. Just exist in the world, breathe, maybe take up some meditation or something. Best of luck to you in all your lonely endeavors."
"I mean, if it's something important, we do try to contact. I had a guy leave his insulin in the fridge. Luckily, he only lived 3 hours away, because the prescription read a town 3 hours away. I made sure to ask front desk to call him."
"but the rich do ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ "
Shutup Terry.
"You're right, I haven't really broken out the numbers at all

&amp;nbsp;

Monthly Expenses

&amp;nbsp;

Medical = $600

&amp;nbsp;

Gas = $240

&amp;nbsp;

Rent = $200

&amp;nbsp;

Misc (food, entertainment) = 100

&amp;nbsp;

Credit Card 1 = Bal $13,000 interest 25%

&amp;nbsp;

Credit Card 2 = Bal $6,500 interest 22%

&amp;nbsp;

Credit Card 3 = Bal $5,000 interest 20%

&amp;nbsp;

My W-2 last year had my with a take home income of 29k.  I am a contractor so there is no opportunity for a raise, I've had that conversation with them many times.  I was an engineer at Boeing making 65k a year, but had personal problems and had to leave the job about 3 years ago.  This was just meant to be an inbetween job until I found a place to stay for good, but I somehow got stuck here.

&amp;nbsp;

I hear what you are saying about a second job and I agree, but I have responsibilies that force me to be at home at night.  I am trying to find a part time job coding, I know Python and JAVA, and figure that is something I could do at night from home.

&amp;nbsp;

Anyway, I have taken up more of your time than I deserve, thanks for all the advice.

"
CJ is not a savior but he will take this team to the next level
"Man I am sure going to miss David Bowie, loved doing his songs for karaoke!
And Alan Rickman, man I will always remember his movies.

RIP, heaven has taken two more angels."
But they you aren't voting for the reason that matters: improving the game.
Yeah. Lex is an honorabru TISHU guy. It's called flair rusing.
"Piggybacking: [Green Leader](http://www.space-mullet.com/2015/06/05/green-leader/)

I prefer to believe this is what happened."
Try some hand lotion.
"Vintage memery, well done sir"
"So at my work, people pay close to $500 a month on insurance.  If they get sick, they have to go see a doctor, pay their deductible, which varies, let's say $500.  Then they pay 20/80 on any surgeries, medications, expenses, and other stuff.  So on a $10,000 bill, they would pay $2000, assuming their deductible is paid.  

Why are we paying $500 a month, then having to shell out all this extra?  

People go broke trying to pay off stuff like cancer treatment, expensive surgeries, etc.  

How can that extra cost be lowered?  A lot of it comes from the people making equipment and supplies.  Again, there's a great post online in the ELI5.  I'll find it real quick.

[Found it.](https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/3y3hsi/eli5_single_payer_healthcare/?)

It's the fact that we are paying several different ways with multiple insurances that is costing us."
"If Don Hertzfeldt's *World of Tomorrow* loses to *Sanjay's Super Team* just cause it's Pixar, I'm gonna scream"
BURN IT WITH FIRE
"I think it has some meaning.  Colburn was there looking at the car.  Why wouldnt Colburn ask if the plates belonged to a Rav4?  He would have no reason to as he could clearly see the car he was in front of is a Rav4. 

IMO, what Colburn was trying to verify was what he could not see.  Notice he did not ask about the color of the Rav4, as he could see the color.  But based on Colburns notes, he probably had this information.

Make, Model, Model Year, Color and LIcense plate number.  So he was confirming the one thing he could not confirm 100% visually, the model year.  "
"Just stop with the NFL already. Hire some police. "
"Err, seems a little backwards to me. Now it could be just because I've played the first two games, but it seems to me that making a movie about a game which is homage to the best post-apocalyptic movies of all time wouldn't make much sense. I mean, the first two (at the very least) were inspired heavily by -

* Mad Max Trilogy
* A Boy and His Dog
* Omega Man
* Blade Runner
* Forbidden Planet

Heck, I just named 5 Fallout movies.
"
"Wasn't always that way. Originally the Mafia was said up to prevent Spanish soldiers from taking men in small towns off to war. Power corrupts.

But, yes. When we went on a tour in Sicily and stopped at the church in the Godfather movie, my mom and grandmother refused to get off in protest. They hate the mafia stereotype of Italians in the US."
"I have the same experience as you're having, mirror finish with my sandpaper, and not mirror with DMT plates. I know about the break in period, but I don't know how long that's supposed to be. I need to bring a strop into the mix to see what I can get with some stropping compound, but I'm lazy. I've heard that you can get good results with DMT paste and some MDF in place of a strop."
"What? How could [Rise of the Chaos Wizards](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGV6bCTMM5w) not win the metal one? Then again, that band does get upvoted a lot on the power metal sub"
"Whether he would ever even try is a completely different issue in itself. "
"ok, thanks a lot man"
Herakles Plus and the Joyetech Cuboid 150W mod. And the I Love Cookies in 12mg and thanks again.
*slow clap*
[removed]
"I already did =). I got the DYS for now and pending some thrust testing. "
[gurgle gurgle](https://j.gifs.com/M8wpO5.gif)
All is right with the world. Don't fight it.
"you are not the first to say that.
"
Oh Christ...
"3x Cult of 3 pulls: Tigerclaw, Peacemaker, Airwing 

3x Single pulls: Peacemaker

60 Mythril spent, 4x 5* all pretty decent and not going to complain about a 6* SSB gun...but was really going for the Cura rod :.("
Please do. And also make him say 'what A savings' like he is supposed to. For Snape.
"No, can't say I experienced any of those issues. I used it fairly regularly whilst I had it as well so maybe I got lucky or some people just got unlucky."
I'd love to fight your argent with my 5k hp and 270 mov speed ptera.
Cuerno is so good!
"I wouldn't lol "
"The video is in Spanish. 'Mija', short for my daughter, is very common. It figured it was in Spanish the moment the uncle said ""nephew"".  That's also common in Spanish "
"Uhm yeah, that is realistically what you have to do.  Get enough drag going and lose as much speed as you can in the upper atmosphere.

An SSTO isn't going to be very good at anything other then low orbit reentry."
"***Analyzing thecrap007***

* comments per month: 10.7 
* posts per month: 2.1 *^lurker*
* favorite sub [tf2](http://NP.reddit.com/r/tf2)
* favorite words: speed, really, melee
* age 1 years 0 months 
* profanity score 0.2% *^Gosh ^darnet ^gee ^wiz*
* trust score 95.2% *^tell ^them ^your ^secrets!*

* Fun facts about thecrap007
    * *""I am a force to be reckoned with on fronteir.""*
    * *""I am switching weapons.""*
    * *""I've been trapped at an airport for the past 15 hours and can't think anymore.""*
    * *""I've accidentally knocked a phlog into my whole team a few times.""*
    * *""I am in.""*
    * *""I am a horrible person.""*
"
"Ikr, kids should really be listening to more of the classics like cannibal corpse, dying fetus and cattle decapitation."
"Yeah I'm going to have to disagree here. The current server sizes are fine for pub play.

Calling it Chaos is a value judgement, what you call Chaos I call fun."
"The article you sent me literally says 41% are not religious, and only 17% of them are atheists ... And 51% believe in a higher power.  But I'm a biologist so there might  be a bias there.  "
"Precisely.

But this other guy has an agenda. We (or rather, the entire board of the league which our chairman was on) stood up for ""integrity"".

Did people stand up for Falkirk when they were denied promotion for having a shite stadium for example? They were told unlucky, but you're not big enough for us to do anything with the rules. Rangers wanted them tweaked to sneak them in the back door.

Yet they moan when there's any possibility of similar"
"This is actually a pretty decent idea. Make each ""lane"" a different thing like christmas stuff, camping, etc and use a pole to pull in the deepest ones.

http://www.familyhandyman.com/garage/storage/create-a-sliding-storage-system-on-the-garage-ceiling/view-all"
"No problem!! 

What did you order? (I'm always curious what other people get!) "
The fumble on the punt return that squirted perfectly to Edelman was my favorite play.  Also the highlights make me miss Shane Vereen.
"Thanks!!   Def looks like its the 87/88 olds cutlass Ciera Cruiser.  They didn't rob me, but I saw the pictures in my local paper and the cops were looking for the suspects of a smash and grab - I tried to ID the car and was stuck chasing Pontiac wagons and it was driving me crazy so I posted on here.  I'm sure the cops figured out the car already, but I did email them too - just in case they didn't.    Thanks everyone!"
"Hi eriktheguy thank you for submitting to /r/Askscience.

**If your post is not flaired it will not be reviewed.**    Please add flair to your post. 
 
 Your post will be removed permanently if flair is not added within one hour. You can flair this post by replying to this message with  your  flair choice.  It must be an exact match to one of the following flair categories and contain no other text:

 'Computing', 'Economics', 'Human Body', 'Engineering', 'Planetary Sci.', 'Archaeology', 'Neuroscience', 'Biology', 'Chemistry', 'Medicine', 'Linguistics', 'Mathematics', 'Astronomy', 'Psychology', 'Paleontology', 'Political Science', 'Social Science', 'Earth Sciences', 'Anthropology', 'Physics'

 ___

 Your post is not yet visible on the forum and is awaiting review from the moderator team. Your question may be denied for the following reasons, 

 
* **Have you searched for your question on** [**AskScience**](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/search?q=Is%20there%20a%20scientific%20consensus%20on%20the%20impact%20of%20pets%20on%20the%20environment%3F &amp;sort=relevance&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;t=all) **or on**  [**Google**](https://www.google.com/search?q=Is%20there%20a%20scientific%20consensus%20on%20the%20impact%20of%20pets%20on%20the%20environment%3F)**?** - Common questions, or questions covered in the [**FAQ**](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/wiki/faq), will be rejected.
* **Are you asking for** [**medical advice**](http://redd.it/s4chc) **or does your post contain personal medical information?** - These questions, even innocuous ones should be between you and your doctor.
* **Is your post speculative or hypothetical?** - Questions involving unphysical what ifs or imaginary situations requiring guesses and speculation are best for /r/AskScienceDiscussion. 

There are more restrictions on what kind of questions are suitable for /r/AskScience, the above are just some of the most common. While you wait, check out the forum 
[**Posting Guidelines**](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/wiki/quickstart/askingquestions) on asking questions as well as our [**User Help Page**](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/wiki/index#wiki_askscience_user_help_page). Please wait several hours before messaging us if there is an issue, moderator mail concerning recent submissions will be ignored.

___

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the* [*moderators of this subreddit*](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskScience&amp;amp;message=My%20Post:%20http://redd.it/40ytvf) *if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Ah man, I got the boreal forest BS socks and sandals again..."
"I considered putting it on Etsy or something, but I'm running low on silver/grey pla. This one is going to a later addition for a secret gift exchange (I already got them the byo 3 Sonic kit). 

How much do you think these would be worth printed? "
"I still don't understand why Kobe is listed as a frontcourt player. Yes, he plays with two other guards, but that is because the Lakers play a 3 guard lineup. "
"Hell, by my reckoning, I'm the tallest mathematician with an 8"" dick in the world. That's good enough for me. This is an honest probability problem. The solution is very neat."
"Nope. You have to back 15% by SPANISH law. It applies to FC Barcelona, Athletic Bilbao and Osasuna. If one of those four club end the year with loses, the FA takes the money from the personal wealth of the president and the board to avoid bankruptcy."
"I did this for awhile. I can recall moments where in college one of my friends was one of the few people who would regularly understand me. Someone would ask,""You understood that?"" and he'd respond ""Yeah, he said ____."" When I first met my wife and we were talking on the phone when we started dating really helped break me of this habit. English was a 2nd language for her, so I really had to slow down and focus on enunciating a little better. Any thing that helps with you talking in front of people/speeches would probably be useful though. Not only in being understood better, but giving yourself more time to form your thoughts like you said."
"[facetious response]
Darn. I came to see if anyone suggested having the water heater establish a budget. That's what people always tell me when I tell 'em I'm broke."
"Well, if you win, feel free to send me the crypto, I'll convert it all to btc in [shapeshift.io](https://shapeshift.io/), send it to [coinbase](https://www.coinbase.com/join/acooln), then dump it in my bank account, in less than 48hrs. 

Or maybe I'll use the btc to buy amazon gift cards and buy a bunch of stuff at [Purse.io](https://purse.io/?_r=NOgK3j)

Or perhaps I'll pay for [VPN service](https://www.privateinternetaccess.com/) for the next year, or a domain at [namecheap](https://www.namecheap.com/support/knowledgebase/article.aspx/35/7/what-payment-methods-do-you-accept-for-domain-registrations), or maybe buy some [reddit gold](https://www.reddit.com/gold/about/).  

Or maybe I'll buy something from [tigerdirect](http://www.tigerdirect.com/bitcoin/), or [overstock](http://www.overstock.com/bitcoin). 

Or I'll hit up [gyft.com](http://www.gyft.com) and buy a gift card at any of their [hundreds of options](https://app.gyft.com/me/cards/purchase/). 

Yes, you have to set up some accounts on some websites, but once it's setup, actually spending btc is easy and fast. You don't have to invest or hold btc, if you want to pay your bills, convert it with coinbase or circle and pay your bills. I think there's even a service that is btc bill pay. 
"
"I despise the damage these tires do to our roads, but Minnesota doesn't exactly have the mountains that Oregon does."
"&gt;EU had to start taking its own defense and security seriously

Since the XVIIIth century Poland constantly finds itself in a situation where it has no credible ally on the continent

If the USA goes away, there is still risk that Germany, possibly with the help of France, will once again open the gates for Russia. You already have people from AfD and Pegida saying that German-Russian relations brought a lot of good to both sides, and they will most likely gain more popularity because of the opportunism and incompetence of Merkel. Not to mention idiots like Sarkozy or Le Pen in France

This still a very distant future, but in the long run the USA is really the only ally we have, sadly"
"But heres the thing. I've gotten some of those guys which is how i reached 100 points in plat 4 but my boosted boys ratio is so much higher that ive been in  the promo 4 times, lost the first two games every time and now i'm at 0 points. I get 25 points for a win and lose 15 for a loss. I do forget the bad people but it just infuriates me somehow that these people were here to begin with. That theres a chance that I (or every other player) has to play with them when they in fact doesn't belong on this step on the ladder."
"I'm not sure he can be blamed completely for that... He wasn't the money guy, that was Tom Lewand... I'm sure he had to provide signoff but what else could he do regardless?  Both players were overpaid on the old rookie salary scale and they needed to do so to clear room to sign guys like Golden Tate...  "
Why didn't the counselor immediately go to the police. Isn't that a law or something?
Please stay in your third world country. Thanks.
"it's one of the better g-sync capable ones with a 2560 x 1440 and 144hz without spending 700+ dollars. (it's also been more expensive in the past, so it's a good deal). No idea when Pascal is coming out. "
"he is sona.
"
"Got to wonder what GeT_Rights buyout was
"
[deleted]
Would I need liquid metal paste in the gpu or would it be fine with arctic silver 5 that i have left over.
"Ohhhh.  Didn't know it's not hollow in there.  Are you sure one of those swivel screws will fit all the way through the piece?

And whatever metal plate I'd use would have to be on the outside of the join?"
"His name is Mugger , his job is to Mug people.

He is doing  what he is supposed to do.  Although its useless but he keeps trying.  "
"I've had sex, while gaming at 60FPS... 

Top that!.

Really awkward in the computer chair though, had to grab one from the dining room."
"Or she does...""I just want him to figure it out on his own by subtle hints without having to say anything!"" is not exactly the hallmark of a mature communicater. 

OP, this isn't kindergarten. Just say ""Hey, I love that you think I'm sexy, but that was a little crass. Maybe phrase it in a more positive, less gross way next time?""."
"You can say that all you want and even choose the ""no returns"" radio button in your auction.  Ebay will still issue a refund."
"I agree that we will be a pretty good matchup for the pats, but don't forget, Tom Brady is pretty fucking good. And Edelman is healthy again. It's probably gonna be a tough game for both sides."
"It wasn't a closed road. He mentions that it was derestricted, which means that there are no speed limits. There are no speed limits for about 30% of the Isle of Mans roads, including most of the TT course. You can still however be done for things like dangerous driving so its not a complete free for all. The scaffolds and the crash bags are there for the TT and my guess is that they just don't bother to disassemble it all.
http://blog.caranddriver.com/how-do-you-police-a-land-with-no-speed-limits/"
OK gimme a few minutes I'll get u the info
Virtual reality.
Babel
"So we should scare off businesses which can bring revenue to our economy to potentially reduce taxes on the middle class? "
"Ah! That makes sense then, yeah. As far as I'm aware, they don't have a section for first years anymore. You can sign up for any section you want to. I could be wrong though."
"You win, sir. "
New band name called it
[deleted]
"You start a run - Hey everybody, welcome back to Northernlion narrates The Binding of Isaac Afterbirth

You die - TYROOOOONEEEEEE

You pick up Guppy's Head - Nice, we finally got Guppy's Tail

You pick up Dead Cat - Alright, Guppy's Hairball will help us out

You pick up any Afterbirth trinket - I don't actually know what it does, but lets roll with it

You use the ??? Pill - Someone tweet me what it does, It just gives you a random curse, right?

etc. etc."
[removed]
"We need at least 16 teams to get rid of the mandatory 4-games a season in the top tier. That schedule devalues the worth of each game and causes us as fans to feel burnout from going to the same places especially as with Cup games you an potentially play another team 8 times in a season which is ludicrous.

I agree with the OP's suggestion of an 18-24 system, a 46 game season for the bottom tier and a 34 game season for the top tier and both tiers having a winter break for when the weather turns. Two up, Two down automatically from the top to bottom tier. same set-up for playoff's that we have at the moment.as it seems to be working quite well.

To accommodate the amount of games the bottom tier is playing we probably need to start the season much earlier for them, get rid of the Challenge cup and the League Cup. The financial shortfall would be made up through the extra home and away games they will have in the league over the season and a greater share of TV money going to the bottom tier.

It seems like it would be the easiest to implement without being a complete financial disaster for dropping down to the bottom tier As you may not have the financial bonuses of games against the top teams, but you do have more games overall."
"Grad school "
alright.  Thanks a bunch!
"Ok? I skimmed over a lot of the article, it needs a lot of proof reading. 


&gt;**""This time I will take my throne as the King of Theories in full effect without any alias.""**

&gt;**""Feel free to speak your minds and help create new theories off of all my stuff""**


You seem really self-absorbed...  I've just seen your name around MGO related things. Stick with that IMO."
Thanks I'll take a look at them
"Yeah, when I get to about 115, my mom starts telling me I look 'skeletal'. She's more sensitive to it than others but really 125~130 is where I look most healthy.

I wonder if OP is sure about her height/weight? It just seems too unhealthy, especially considering she still has a belly from the baby. (Or did I read that wrong.)"
"     ""Then I am afraid I cannot allow you to continue your reckless practice.
     Please refrain from further teleportation."""
"Beats me - I enjoyed killing Undyne and stomping all over her hope and ""friendship is magic"" BS.I loved it.If only there was a way to kill Undyne in Pacifist Run..."
"Thanks, I got gwdressup and will soon have the set that I love. I actually decided on a unique black color on armor and Destroyer gloves."
"Ya, but the convention is to change teh values to reflect function, which I don't do. 

For me, in a major key, the tonic is 'I', and in the minor key, it is 'vi', and in dorian mode it is ii, etcetera. I keep the values pattern-relative, not function-relative, which most people would consider wrong. 

"
"My vape scene is right here on ECR. I tend not to frequent the main shop here (Vapor King, there's one on Front St, Vestal Pkwy E, and one on Main in Endwell as well) because it's a total bro-tastic sausage-fest every time I go in."
"There's just one of me lol. What's your youtube playa?

Edit: I linked the wrong video, sorry. That was OP's video lol. "
He looks uninterested while siting there.
That was fucking epic
/#fungilivesmatters
"The last three weeks have been fucking painful. Lemmy, Bowie, Rickman, I'm scared for the future. Can we just get through the rest of January without another one? Universe pls..."
"Have you considered Parallel City? You can use it as stadium removal against most decks, damage reduction against the few it reduces, or reduce the bench of those M.Rayquaza-Ex decks- which you can then foul play after using brigette or hoopa. I think the limit of 3 stops the rayman from one-shotting anything in the deck."
"S-ranked and captured Roserade with DD, +5 and MS. Finally I can proceed after so many itemless failed attempts...
Beat Gallade itemless with 31 seconds left. I guess Kyurem escalation battle does help improve skills."
But you can't (legally) have sex with a dog....
"So Brendan tell us what happened that day?  

Nothing much really, just came home from school, watched TV then went to a fire at my Uncles.  

Did you burn a body in that fire?  

No, just some junk.  

You gave statement saying you burnt body parts did that happen?  

Maybe it did, maybe a little bit.  

--------------------------------------.  

He would fall apart just like he did in cop interviews."
"A quote from the article: 
&gt;How is it that postal workers, delivery drivers, and door to door salesmen can fend off dogs on a daily basis without killing them but police officers cannot?

Everything looks like a nail when you have a hammer."
"Concuerdo totalmente con tu primer párrafo. El segundo sólo muestra tu ignorancia hacia las pólizas de impuestos de cada candidato. Trump quiere bajar los impuestos para los ricos, amigo. Estoy en móvil así que no te puedo pasar los links. Busca en la página oficial de Trump su plan de impuestos y comparalo con los ""federal tax brackets"" actuales. Te lo dejo de tarea."
"Here's one of my favorites. Check off what applies to you. Find out how much of a g you really are. Great song, not much real meaning but I dig it. "
Wow.. You have slower internet than me.. I have 100kb for download..
"I'd be such a dick if I worked at Google. I'd be like, 'don't be evil, lol you're fired bro etc'

I'd say etc."
"It looks like your off contact is too high. And you need to realllllllllllyyyy stir the ink before using it, especially if it's kind of cold where you're at."
"Twix and Tuna salad. "
"&gt; Presumed to be 18 or older.

Without knowing where they are, that's a terrible assumption. There are relatively few places in the world where the age of consent is 18. It's just a well-known number because Hollywood happens to be located in one of those few places."
"And that is how you get a gorski ""can´t type srzyly right now. At bar living horny whiteboy lifestyle."""
"Yup, same here for me and my friend, on ps4. Tried it too by buying with L1's equip whilst buying, same thing."
Ch9 m8
[deleted]
"&gt;. It's not PvP

Such a load of bullshit. It is PvP with gear progression....like every other MMO with PvP.


Go look up WoW, SWTOR, or any other MMO's pvp game and you'll see the similarities.


Hell it even has Lvl brackets for PvP like any good MMO.



Edit: I guess everyone who is downvoting has never played an MMO before.."
I love my kit. Just a pity that it can´t be used in Raids.
"To other users posting on this thread (and **not** to the submitter of this particular thread): offering on price check and question threads is not allowed. Failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban.

Sharking is not tolerated here, and any attempt made *will* result in a permanent ban.

[Please refer to our subreddit's rules as well if you have any doubts.](http://www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
good tit maad swifty
doesnt matter if its noticable 60fps is still extremely smooth. acting like that is like some rich guy looking down on cheap wine regardless if it actually tastes good or not.
"Like....the majority of the T-shirts have nothing to do with Vikings at all.

It just says ""White Pride"" or some other bullshit?"
just give us some more ms to compensate it and i will go with it ^^
Until you try to get past page 13 of his autobiography. Drivel.
Djokovic just doesn't fail those shots
"what the fuck does that even mean.  I hate when people say that.  "
"Yeah, they smoking it makes it less alarming. However giving it a second thought, a pregnant woman smoking something she admittedly does not know what exactly is and being sure it does not harm the baby makes it more alarming again. I definitely would have felt uncomfortable in that situation. "
"everyone will die hungry then https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kK3XSvLbqxk
"
"Hey, I have some shinies I wouldn't mind trading for some of them. Any interest in a shiny HA Dratini (I already have a shiny Dragonite so...), Shiny Mr. Mime (Hate this thing. Looks too much like a clown for my liking) or shiny Shroomish? "
[deleted]
Why aren't catdogs fully domesticated yet? They'd be fab as pets.
"It is definitely more viable. It has been incredibly good since G-BT01, it's just been overshadowed."
"Picked often, every team has an ember player, seen as a go to hero rather than a situational pick"
"[Cross posted to r/nba](https://np.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/43ii58/steph_curry_as_the_best_player_with_his_defense/)

Getting plenty of hate from those who 1) can't read or 2) hate Warriors/Steph :D"
#[USE THIS!](http://i.imgur.com/dEdsDzu.png)
Anche a me dà la sensazione di una grande sconfitta.
"¡Me traigo la vajilla de lujo de la abuela!

;-)"
Eurosport 1
"Professor Xavier only listens to classical. He and Beast like to have long conversations about composers. 

Cyclops tries to join in these conversations, but deep down he's just not that into classical. He's ashamed to admit it, but he prefers indie pop. Kind of low brow, but with enough cred. 

Storm is into all that sophisticated neo-soul. She can't wait for D'Angelo's new album to come out. 

Wolverine scoffs at all the music the other X-Men like. He's down with all that outlaw country: Willie, Waylon, Johnny, and doesn't understand people who aren't into what he's into. "
"68 overall on FIFA, 6'2 defensive midfielder, which is exactly what I think we need. 

I like this signing. "
Ian Mckellen is overdue too.
"Hi there. I'm not a vegetarian and I honestly don't know anything about what it's like to be one in Japan, but hopefully /u/Sourire7's answer is helpful, and to add to that, [here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/japan/comments/17sl2u/help_certified_teacher_in_canada_wanting_to_move/c88hydm) some info that's linked to in the sidebar of /r/japan."
"I hope it plays aTS too! "
"I'm watching Freaks and Geeks (nearing the end, I think) and Ken just summed up crushes so well. ""I feel . . . Odd."""
...Why is that a thing?
"
# *FULL BOOK ""The New York Trilogy by Paul Auster""  tablet сhapter flibusta german view format thepiratebay*


***
## █ ► [**READ** ***The New York Trilogy by Paul Auster***](http://xn--e1agvr0b.xn--j1aef.xn--p1ai/607B?source=reddit&amp;keyword=The%20New%20York%20Trilogy%20by%20Paul%20Auster)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***The New York Trilogy by Paul Auster***](http://xn--e1agvr0b.xn--j1aef.xn--p1ai/607B?source=reddit&amp;keyword=The%20New%20York%20Trilogy%20by%20Paul%20Auster)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***The New York Trilogy by Paul Auster***](http://xn--e1agvr0b.xn--j1aef.xn--p1ai/607B?source=reddit&amp;keyword=The%20New%20York%20Trilogy%20by%20Paul%20Auster)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**READ** ***The New York Trilogy by Paul Auster***](http://xn--e1agvr0b.xn--j1aef.xn--p1ai/607B?source=reddit&amp;keyword=The%20New%20York%20Trilogy%20by%20Paul%20Auster)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***The New York Trilogy by Paul Auster***](http://xn--e1agvr0b.xn--j1aef.xn--p1ai/607B?source=reddit&amp;keyword=The%20New%20York%20Trilogy%20by%20Paul%20Auster)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***The New York Trilogy by Paul Auster***](http://xn--e1agvr0b.xn--j1aef.xn--p1ai/607B?source=reddit&amp;keyword=The%20New%20York%20Trilogy%20by%20Paul%20Auster)
***

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description book **The New York Trilogy by Paul Auster**:

&gt;  The New York Trilogy is a series of novels by Paul Auster. Originally published sequentially as City of Glass (1985), Ghosts (1986) and The Locked Room (1986), it has since been collected into a si...

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; . 

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; [FULL.. BOOK.. ""Wolf.. Brother.. by.. Michelle.. Paver"".. .. how.. to.. pocket.. online.. download.. without.. registering.. purchase.. direct.. link](https://www.reddit.com/43ik9t),.. [FREE.. BOOK.. ""The.. Resistible.. Rise.. of.. Arturo.. Ui.. by.. Bertolt.. Brecht"".. .. look.. authors.. pc.. sale.. doc.. original.. book.. full](https://www.reddit.com/43ikrz),.. [READ.. BOOK.. ""The.. Persians.. by.. Aeschylus"".. .. pocket.. without.. signing.. find.. ios.. iBooks.. acquire.. wiki.. english](https://www.reddit.com/43ikfd),.. [DOWNLOAD.. BOOK.. ""The.. Sword.. of.. the.. Lictor.. by.. Gene.. Wolfe"".. .. how.. to.. macbook.. price.. free.. finder.. phone.. purchase.. français](https://www.reddit.com/43ik0x),.. [READ.. BOOK.. ""The.. Man.. Who.. Was.. Thursday.. by.. G... K... Chesterton"".. .. pocket.. page.. price.. wiki.. value.. no.. registration](https://www.reddit.com/43ijs5),.. [FREE.. BOOK.. ""Christina.. Rossetti:.. The.. Complete.. Poems.. by.. Christina.. Georgina.. Rossetti"".. .. apple.. eng.. txt.. amazon.. italian.. find](https://www.reddit.com/43ik2d),.. [DOWNLOAD.. BOOK.. ""The.. World.. According.. to.. Garp.. by.. John.. Irving.. "".. .. mobile.. wiki.. ebay.. italian.. format.. doc.. how.. read.. phone](https://www.reddit.com/43ijst),.. [DOWNLOAD.. BOOK.. ""The.. Merchant.. of.. Venice.. by.. William.. Shakespeare"".. .. how.. read.. selling.. finder.. tablet.. ipad.. thepiratebay](https://www.reddit.com/43ijw1),.. [ONLINE.. BOOK.. ""My.. Antonia.. by.. Willa.. Cather"".. .. touch.. acquire.. shop.. read.. français.. itunes](https://www.reddit.com/43ijqv),.. [ONLINE.. BOOK.. ""I,.. etcetera.. by.. Susan.. Sontag"".. .. how.. download.. book.. value.. online.. kindle.. how.. to](https://www.reddit.com/43ijrg)

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; Paul 
Auster 
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
(City 
of 
Glass) 
Chapter 
8. 
Excerpt 
from: 
Paul 
Auster 
(1985/1987) 
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
(City 
of 
Glass) 
London: 
Faber 
and 
Faber
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
9780571276653 
Paul 
Auster 
Faber 
&amp;amp; 
Faber 
2011 
| 
Cheap 
Used 
Books 
from 
World 
of 
Books.com
new 
york 
trilogy 
paul 
auster 
ebook
Download 
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
Audiobook 
by 
Paul 
Auster 
narrated 
by 
Joe 
Barrett. 
Join 
Audible 
and 
get 
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
free 
from 
the 
Audible 
online 
audio 
book 
store.
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
interview
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
pdf
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
quotes
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
biography
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
by 
Paul 
Auster 
| 
World 
of 
Books.com
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
moon
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
paul 
auster 
wikipedia
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
by 
Paul 
Auster 
9780571322800 
available 
at 
Book 
Depository 
with 
free 
delivery 
worldwide.
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
Audiobook 
| 
Paul 
Auster 
| 
Audible.com
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
timbuktu
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
paul 
auster 
epub
Invisible 
by 
Paul 
Auste 
r 
reviewed 
by 
Ted 
Gioia 
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
Paul 
Auster 
blurred 
the 
lines 
between 
textual 
interpretation 
and 
crime 
scene 
investigation 
with
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
austerlitz
Inward 
Gaze 
of 
a 
Private 
Eye 
- 
The 
New 
York 
Times
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
by 
Paul 
Auster 
- 
Read 
Online
So 
this 
is 
the 
New 
York 
trilogy 
I've 
heard 
so 
much 
about. 
I'm 
at 
a 
loss 
for 
what 
to 
say 
and 
not 
in 
the 
good 
way. 
I 
feel 
incredibly 
underwhelmed.
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy: 
Paul 
Auster 
Joe 
Barrett 
Inc. 
Brilliance 
Audio: 
9781491576359: 
Books 
- 
Amazon.ca
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
leviathan
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
is 
perhaps 
the 
most 
astonishing 
work 
by 
one 
of 
America's 
most 
consistently 
astonishing 
writers. 
The 
Trilogy 
is 
three 
cleverly 
interconnected
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
wiki
New 
York 
Trilogy 
Paul 
Auster 
Pdf 
- 
Free 
Ebooks 
Download
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
: 
Paul 
Auster 
: 
9780571322800
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
wikipedia
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
paul 
auster 
quotes
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
new 
york
he 
quirky 
richness 
of 
Paul 
Auster's 
''Locked 
Room'' 
took 
me 
by 
surprise. 
This 
is 
the 
final 
volume 
in 
his 
''New 
York 
Trilogy'' 
and 
the 
first 
two 
''City 
of
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
books
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
paul 
auster 
sparknotes
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
a 
book 
by 
Paul 
Auster 
| 
Book 
review
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
author
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster's 
wife
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
invisible
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
by 
Paul 
Auster 
- 
Postmodern 
Mystery
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster's 
favorite
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy: 
Paul 
Auster 
Joe 
Barrett 
Inc
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
winter
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
city
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
paul 
auster 
amazon
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
sunset
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
is 
a 
collection 
of 
3 
stories 
by 
Paul 
Auster 
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
by 
Paul 
Auster. 
a 
review 
by 
TC 
in 
the 
genre(s) 
science 
fiction.
the 
new 
york 
trilogy 
by 
paul 
auster 
ghosts
The 
New 
York 
Trilogy 
(ebook) 
by 
Paul 
Auster 
| 
9780571246120

&gt; ."
"It's better to not give a fuck than insult people. "
Sent
"If you carefully read the tweet, they are not saying he won it. Just that he took it home. Blatant marketing and I will not stand for it. Show me a certificate of ownership then Mr DiCaprio will have my contratulations."
[deleted]
"Then pour entire bottle of sweet baby rays into your favorite zap carry then insert into zap holster then eat all the tots then enjoy diabetes. "
"Out of curiosity, how does a super sport work in India? Nearly every single video I've seen, the traffic is horrendous, the roads are horrible. Do you ever get to even utilize the bike? "
I'm pretty sure that's exactly what it means. Not being sexually attracted to anyone/anything. Males or females.
[deleted]
Too*
"Ok, I've updated the [original album](http://imgur.com/a/WwV2z) with new pics and some descriptions of what they are and how they were mounted, hope it helps."
[Duplicate 2 months and 18 days ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/fo4/comments/3snvz4/stuff_like_this_is_why_i_try_to_read_every/).
"Awesome video! You should totally use this mod with the Hoonigan livery for another video: 

https://www.gta5-mods.com/vehicles/1967-shelby-mustang-gt500-hq-supertuning-lowriders-required

It's not his actual Mustang, but it would be awesome nonetheless."
"Nor have I, but I like to try and give Bungie benefit of doubt every now and then instead of hating."
"Why apologize if that's your view? I disagree with it, but still.

It's not like they all had the same type of Cancer, all different I believe. I hope this raises awareness of the lesser-known cancers and helps fund those rather than simply Breast Cancer all the time.

Cancer Research UK could also help by recognizing that these 4 well known celebrities and personalities were all men and should open up the Race For Life to everyone. "
"I am having trouble with Point of View

I install it, via ([RTSL](http://www.runthinkshootlive.com/posts/point-of-view/)) run the game, select play, and difficultly menu shows up, Training room, Easy, Medium, Hard, I have chosen all three, but they just return me to the main menu?

Thanks in advance
"
"Party chat is a system feature, not a game feature so Massive cannot disable it."
"Seriously, get out. 
If you can't get out tonight find somewhere to hide a small bag with everything you need to take with you to be ready to go. 
Maybe start waking up before him to cook and clean, get him used to you being out of bed around the house while he sleeps. 
Then leave one morning before he wakes. 
If you aren't put fake another illness and get him to take you to the hospital again. Tell the doctors you're in trouble and they should contact the cops. 
Just get out. 
Seriously, best case he's abusive, but a lot of sex trafficking victims will tells you this can be how it starts.

And please, post an update to let us know you made it.  "
Are you saying that pms and PM's isn't the same thing ;)
[deleted]
;)
"""It does not increase the damage dealt by the Invoker 6pc bonus regardless of the elemental rune of the base attack. In this video - https://youtu.be/bCuKVP1-zi8  - I hit some zombies for 25.4m with 20% physical damage equipped, then enchant that away and hit the same zombies for 25.4m"""
"No, I would read that like you do that you would have access to the CX Lounge with your JL F ticket. I'd never seen that page before nor was I aware of that policy so thanks for sharing!"
"It's never about attraction, it's all about power imbalance. The molested party's sexuality doesn't come into play."
"Its optimized for tablets too and it looks great on those big screens :) "
"I'm using the Orange Lighting plugin, but with quite a few code tweaks (which makes updating it a pain).

Thank you!"
I'm betting S to the negative power of 1 is now  a banned phrase?
I will not drink today
👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good shit go౦ԁ sHit👌 thats ✔ some good👌👌shit right👌👌th 👌 ere👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my selｆ 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠＯOOＯOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good shit
"*Hey, Natsuko-chan, I looked up the meaning for your name, is it cause of all the mosquito wrigglers in summer?*"
I really think OP means players who already have a hattrick performance. Otherwise it is a bit of a weird question.
Yep
Murray is making same mistake as federer. He needs to slow down pace of shots and stop trying to hit through djokovc considering how djokovic thrives on pace
"Cologne 2015 for CS:GO peaked at 1.2 mil watching the finals. Cluj Napoca was a much smaller major (was played during Halloween) and still had around 800k at one point. "
Only on uncharged shots.
"Congrats, that's great to hear!"
"Ok, so my theory has at least a flaw...
I tried it myself and trying to activate this mode is followed by simply going back to charging (the phone) and since there is the MIDI setting as well, I guess the list simply shows all possible options no matter what the connection (as long a it isn't only a charger) is"
"""it doesn't start the game""
Does it give an error message? If so please post that

"
[deleted]
[deleted]
Dog + Bee = Cartoon Dog
"I take amphetamines everyday and drive without a problem, in fact it makes me more alert and wide awake. Not all prescription drugs impair people's driving ability, despite what the labels say. I think they just put ""may impair driving"" on all prescription drugs even when not all them actually impair someone's ability to drive or that there doesn't exists any study that claims it does. But rather invest money determining which prescription drugs actually impair people's ability to drive, they just label them as all bad and therefore one should not drive when taking them.

You should be more worried about the people who don't know how to drive a stick (manual transmission vehicle, you know those funny cars with that extra third pedal next to the breaks called the clutch). "
"same here. Are you a student? mine is tied to my uni account. which is a different one than my windows account/one drive. "
http://i.imgur.com/ETnZSQc.jpg
[removed]
Why is she so racist lol?
Buy that woman a spa retreat!
"Stop posting valve fan mail here. "
[deleted]
aaand now I'm feeling hungry
"Please mark nsfw. "
[1 pint of maggots](http://www.anglersmail.co.uk/news/1-a-pint-15805)
"It won't be enough. The times that Punt/Hoddle turn into a carpark are already clearway times. This will help some with events and concerts happening around the 'G and Rod Laver, but not so much getting people to and from the city.

Really, it needs to be made into a highway with service lanes like the Napean. But, the cost to do that would be prohibitive. "
[deleted]
[removed]
In the long term any kind of throwaway pen will be more expensive than something you can refill by hand. That said I don't think the microns run out of ink that fast and neither are they that expensive. I'd say the one think worth noting is the felt tips are a little on the fragile side. Compared to other brands it is relatively easy to push down too hard and damage the nib. Otherwise they are excellent pens though and last long enough to be worth the money.
"But whether they had a .1 or 99.99% chance there still is a possibility they will win or lose by pure luck. In a competitive activity winners are determined by skill first and luck second, everyone gets a lucky shot that happens to work once in a while but in any competitive environment you shouldn't just lose because rng chose the other person."
"I thought so too. I remembered the touchpad working fine before I installed libinput. I tried removing xf86-input-libinput and writing a xorg config file setting synaptic as the driver, but it doesn't help.

Here's my current config file:


    Section ""InputClass""
        Identifier ""Touchpad""
        MatchProduct ""SynPS/2 Synaptics TouchPad""
        MatchDevicePath ""/dev/input/event*""
        MatchIsTouchpad ""on""
        Driver ""synaptics""
        Option ""TapButton1"" ""1""
        Option ""TapButton2"" ""2""
        Option ""TapButton3"" ""3""
        Option ""AccelerationProfile"" ""7""
        Option ""ConstantDeceleration"" ""6""
    EndSection
"
They were saying this like over 6+ months ago when he was wasn't LCS level.
"it's not the worst sports movie I've ever seen. like it wasn't great by any means but it was decent enough to watch during the offseason. "
I do love me some fuzzy bass intro.
Thats really poor for one of the pros with the most sucesfull career in the esport. He was in tons of events and finals and provided insane ammounts of exposure.
"&gt; Least favorite because we have to look into a bunch of data blah blah boring.

What sort of data? Is it sales numbers and things?"
"As I posted in another topic:

It has some griding potential:

* Unique cards that can be gained for every race you beat tutorial with.  (one unique per race, full playset requires up to 4 tutorial playthroughs)
* One off PVE cards from the shroomkins (who are awesome)
* Race specific quests (unique rewards)
* Finally dungeon grinding for exclusive dungeon specific pve cards"
Fucking Village
I feel like IBP wont be picking up a team any time soon because of the bad image they already have following them around. Its possible but not likely.
"Sa arvad, et poeg Estonian tea, kus tema keel on muutunud."
paid heroes = p2w= game dead for me already
Someone please explain why the selectors keep choosing Tait
"I don't think non-cyclists get that there are times when cyclists should be treated like a car, times when they're more like a pedestrian, and times when neither is a good fit.

Generally it makes sense for cyclists to follow the same rules as cars. If it's less safe for cars or cyclists to have the same rule then there should be a different rule. But there are times it makes more sense, for safety or practicality, to have bikes treated differently. Some are pretty obvious, like keeping cyclists away from high speed motorways where they're not protected, but others may only make sense to cyclists who've been frustrated by inflexible road rules.

I've had people yell at me from the pavement for going through the pedestrian crossing on liverpool st. What, i actually need to dismount and push my bike the 5 metres to beyond the crossing instead of just going through it slowly if it's safe and doesn't interfere with anyone? How does that help anyone?

Another time i rode up oxford st to the intersection of flinders and someone crossing the road yelled ""it's a red light!"" at me when i entered the pedestrian crossing. It's part of the shared pedestrian/bike path and was green for pedestrians and cyclists."
[deleted]
"Shouldn't even be driving if she's recently had surgery on her or eye or whatever.

wtf."
Aye man why did you summon me mate?
"Right side of this subreddit,  you will see badges. If you can click to edit you may get one :) "
"As soon as we have self driving vehicles a lot of jobs will vanish practically overnight. How much does a HGV driver get paid a year? They need rest too. 

As soon as one company automates, every company will have to follow suit in order to compete."
"It's a matter of deduction vs. induction. The failure in Keynesian approaches is that you can't account for every variable, so even if changing one thing with seemingly static constants all around, leads to X every time for 100 of 100 attempts, they fail to realize it may fail on 101 because they didn't take another variable into account. 

Austrians *can* make the same mistake when making predictions. All we can do is explain why something happened, which involves starting from the action axiom and moving our way backward. 

This is ""controversial"" (more like disregarded, but whatevs) because people are into scientism. They think empirical evidence can invalidate logic, or that logic cannot always account for empirical data. We necessarily use similar methods when it comes to predictions, though. The main reason to support praxeology, however, is that we don't just correlate some numbers, determine deviations, and establish relationships. We build up from isolated relationships we can prove will follow through to be the case of a certain result. We can then add extra relationships and make predictions, but this becomes business forecasting, not praxeology."
"https://www.reddit.com/r/playark/comments/43ic8d/official_server_352_pvp_just_went_down_but_all/

seems like something is going on over there.....keep us updated (even if this thread magically goes poof)."
"I'm also thinking of doing statistical consulting and was wondering what kinds of things you work on?

Is there a lot of variance in the jobs you do? As in how much new stuff do you have to learn before embarking on a new project?

How long do you usually work on one project?

How'd you get started in this stuff?"
[deleted]
Love the stout and love the picture!
"not bleeding or crying, just lying there slowly dying in peace"
"709,320"
At least they had venge
"
proc            /proc           proc    defaults          0       0
/dev/mmcblk0p1  /boot           vfat    defaults          0       2
/dev/mmcblk0p2  /               ext4    defaults,noatime  0       1
# a swapfile is not a swap partition, no line here
#   use  dphys-swapfile swap[on|off]  for that
/dev/sda1 /home/pi/server/usbdrv auto uid=pi,gid=pi,umask=0022,sync,auto,nosuid,rw,nouser 0 0
"
"And get him to pass the bar. "
[removed]
"team switching also shouldn't be allowed when teams are equal.   why would you let players unbalance the game? "
Super Mario 3 raccoon suit
"damn ok thanks for the reply!
"
"HAHAHAHAA literally!

The other day I went into the bathroom (I work in a café in a shopping mall and we only have one female toilet and one male toilet - mainly for staff but we let customers use them) and there was shit all over the toilet seat and in the bowl - the person hadn't flushed! I'm a waitress but I have to clean the toilets at the end of the night, so I was pretty annoyed."
"It's like a friend of my called the first two anime episodes and the entire Casval portion of the manga: Char's Delusion.

Because its just so cartoonish and out of character for a lot of these established folks in the UC universe. Designed do little more then show off char as a bad ass despite being ten."
"""Tell them what they've won, Johnny!""


Many of the other epistles describe how to be saved, how not to be saved, and why anyone is saved at all. The majority tell us how we ought to live now that we are saved. Ephesians, more than any other, describes the glorious gift of salvation that we have received."
"Question for GBM : who are you most excited to lane against , considering that NA has players like froggen , alex , bjerg , and incarnation this season ?


Also , met any of them in soloq yet ? Which 1 was the hardest to deal with if you did ?"
Hungary at it's best.
"I've been wondering if I should try to do the same with my 730. The 735, which is the exact same device, does have wireless charging. The back panel is removable though, which makes things easier. *Now where do I find a US panel that ships internationally...*"
"Heyyyyy. That may have been me. I'm 25 now, I've had many people explain to me that they are real, but it just is so hard to accept. They're unicorns of the sea.

I go between admitting that I know they're real, and being unable to accept it as fact because they just seem imaginary."
[deleted]
Thx for the lol..
"Instant confirmation, that's what I like to see."
"The Ottoman Empire was gone in World War 1 bud. I think you are confusing the two. Also to u/parampcea:


The hundreds of thousands of Muslims from India, Africa, and the Middle East who fought for the French and British, and the hundreds of thousands who fought with the Soviets beg to differ. There were indeed Muslims in Southern Europe who supported Hitler, just like how there were you know...millions and millions of Christians who supported/collaborated with Hitler.


Also, your whole 


&gt;ANd that is ironic since muslims were allies with the nazys in ww2


is pretty meaningless, since you'd have to prove that evrey single one of the hundreds of millions of Muslims on Earth at the time supported Hitler. Muslims and Islam aren't monolithic, just like how Christians and Christianity aren't monolithic. "
79¢ Thirstbusters. Classic!
LOL
[deleted]
Qasa highs are $400+ on grailed so I'll let you decide lol
"Aside from the initial setup, getting the refresh interval right, getting your Chrome Box kiosk mode setup right, and the slide transition time between each slide being the same, it's really the only option for schools that's as simple as possible."
No AA? Looked great
"The Htown curse

http://imgur.com/uYaid67"
The horror!
"Just makes him about 10x yummier, to me."
"I second the brunette color and checking out the curly hair sub. Embrace your curls! A dark blonde, something gentle and only a couple shades off your natural color would also look good. Do you want to grow it out, keep it that length, or go shorter?"
Or when the shell of the turtle cracks.
"A Dance to the Music of Time by Anthony Powell is something I strongly recommend for you. It's a ten volume series, narrated by a single character, composed almost entirely of his semi-comic meditations on the developing lives and personal philosophies of a cast of characters he is associated with, as well as English life between the two world wars. Pick up and read the first ""Movement"" in its entirety: it takes awhile to get rolling. "
"Okay damn, you're right. Nice vision, I didn't spot it for a while even after you mentioned."
"You're kidding right? Marcy is the biggest bitch in the Commonwealth. "
"I don't really know why I'm even bothering to comment, but Kylo Ren being weak/not a badass is a integral part of his character. It's what makes him interesting as a character."
"You are in luck! The art museum is open until 9:00 on Wednesdays, completely free, and close to the Cleveland Clinic should you be staying near there. If you're looking for food, Little Italy is just minutes away too (I'd suggest Trattoria Roman Gardens).  Good luck with the surgery too!"
"My friend has an awp graphite with ibp and titan holo, interested?"
[deleted]
"We just ask people to participate in reddit if they want to self promote. it's not that big a deal, almost everyone understands. The rest never come back to post a second time anyway.

When content creators come to us we help them understand the reddit community as a whole and how they can best integrate. Otherwise we'd end up with blow-back against content creators seen as spam which happend a bunch on /r/sf4"
"I'm in St Louis and there are 3 2008 Siennas w/in 50 miles. 2 of them are between 8000 and 9500 on Autotrader. The other, at 13,995 is at Drive Time.

Like cubical_hell said, $6k is the right money."
"That right back just let him walk by, without so much as nudge or sprinting after him."
In NLTT 6655. A lot. =)
Get rid of the % weapon damage. This is what I really wish for..
Update! Got mine yesterday! Thanks for the info guys!
Oh. Didn't notice the Recipe button. Thanks!
"Thank you allah their is going to be a sif bale during toty "
"[**@AdamZHerman**](https://twitter.com/AdamZHerman):
&gt;[2016-01-09 20:45:09 UTC](https://twitter.com/AdamZHerman/status/685925297888342017)

&gt;Congratulations to the Capitals on finding a way to stop Derek Stepan in overtime eight months too late.

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/408147%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)
"
#KANSAS
"Ik verdenk Remy, met z'n ""molletje"" als laatste woord. Als we het dan toch ""letterlijk"" (afleveringtitel) mogen nemen dan zie ik dat als hint. Dit in combinatie met de hints uit de leader.

Ik hoop dat Tim en Taeke erin blijven zitten, die twee zijn bros samen, veel relaxter dan de andere kandidaten en dat is ook leuk om te zien. 

Naast Remy verdenk ik Rob en Ellie, vanwege gedrag en omdat Ellie achter op het 1000MG biljet (de rug) staat."
it doesn't have specific vty lines
[source on xvideos](http://www.xvideos.com/video16876115/hollie_mack_karla_kush_piper_perri_schooled_by_teacher)
Where is the other tentacle at ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
JediZork1 - 305 Hunter
Then you would have two happy ending! ;]
What's crappy about it?
709 364
[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/4081a3/i_thought_i_would_get_my_wife_vanity_plates_for/) by /u/herbertJblunt in /r/funny
With a little space between them!
I'm a .NET developer and had to write and review some interview questions at some point :p
"*She sighs and puts a hand on her forehead.*

You do not understand how much I detest slavery.  You will do what you do of your own will.  I do not like even the association.  Please.  *She scrubs a hand through her hair.*  Enough of that.  

*She hits the button again and walks over to him, maintaining eye contact and taking the pistol from him.  She turns to face the targets, still for a moment, before firing off six times, hitting each one.  Her accuracy isn't perfect and she is notably slower than he is.*

See?  I'm not *terrible.*"
"No, they were completely serious. They didn't speak English well but seemed completely content with their choices"
You're still obliged to do it at least once if able.
"PRIDE has some great intros....so much more subdued in the UFC. "
"Oh that's awesome!! "
I'm personally waiting for them to come out.
"Yup maryland resident here, the point of blue crabs is to get drunk and eat like 40 of em.  Don't be lazy.  "
"I am pretty sure he knows more about his art than you do . why you are seemingly trying to convince him that his art does magic spirit stuff like yours?

Also I have no idea what your posts have to do with this thread or how they in any way relate to Recheks original post that you replied too. "
140 lb paper is 300 g/m^2
Sleep. 1/3rd pf your life is spend DOING NOTHING.
"If Trump wins Iowa, he could do a 50 state sweep. At worst, he'll have the nomination locked up by April.

If Trump gets second place in Iowa, he may struggle a bit. He says ""All we will do is win"" but if he loses the first time he has to compete it kind of ruins that image. I still think he could bounce back but it could take all the way until June.

I do think he will pull it off in Iowa. I think he will win by 3-5 points.

However, he needs to stop campaigning in random places and go hard in Iowa and New Hampshire."
"Video: MIN@NYM: Wright hits a two-run homer to left

[Larger Version](http://mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/2010/06/27/mlbtv_minnyn_9413747_800K.mp4) (4.51 MB)

[Smaller Version](http://mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/2010/06/27/mlbtv_minnyn_9413747_400K.mp4) (3.39 MB)

___________

[More Info](/r/MLBVideoConverterBot)"
Big hugs &lt;3
"The lamest and shittiest excuse ever if I ever heard one. 

Firstly, you hardly ever hear it from women of other races (black or white) as they don't suffer *nearly* as much self-hate as that part of the Asian American female population. Only those types of Asian chicks are that profoundly stupid to say such nonsensical shit. 

I'd like to see them try and say that to their folks that they're implying they're incestuous. 

Also, the irony of it all is that it is those same Asian chicks who tend to say/think, ""awww they're so cute!"" when they see those tumblr twincest blogs of gay **white** brothers kissing or getting it on etc. "
"Could also be ""The ice is getting thinner"", in a way. Though i think you are right with it being Tiny Vessels. That's the first one that came to mind."
[deleted]
You people never cease to amaze me!! Thank you!!!
"Nope. I was stoked at first because of the trade credit versus cash possibilities...then this new rule? They can take their time. "
says [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/climbing/about/moderators) for 4 months
"Agreed on the rape thing. "
"""F-flawless. N-no way that'll g-go wrong."""
"No world class player is going to be signing for us in a long time. The gap between us and Barcelona has increase since the last time we faced them, and other teams like Real Madrid and Bayern Munich has easily pushed ahead of us as well. In Europe, i'd put United in the tier 3 category at the moment.

With this in mind the only players we could pull would be either those still in awe of Fergie United- but that image is getting smashed with every game that goes on, or mercenaries.

If LVG goes in the summer, which is the most probably outcome, we need to bring in a manager with a name who will attract players. Currently Pep has that, but he's off to City, Mourinho could be that guy if we were to get him. I can't really see anyone else who is available who by name alone could attract those World Class players that we crave.

"
4f-mph is very good for studying. I almost like it more then ritalin. Very long lasting stimulation.
"awesome! thank you bro! huge mystery solved!

http://www.arbonaworks.com/voiceovertalent.html (at the bottom!)"
Does that specific portion of hell have butter?
"I'll be the first to admit that it doesn't.

However, this bugged me in every episode and I thought it wouldn't hurt to have a little levity around here."
"Not *quite* as convenient as Steam Workshop, but about as close as we can get!"
"Ok, thank you."
oaml yya
/r/yogacats
the energy is too high.
"So because I made one post that started the whole topic, and then one additional post clearing up rumors on it, I look bad and am keeping it alive? Lol. If that's he case there must be a lot of people on here working on their own agenda to keep their ideas alive.. 

Dude it was to clear some rumors and hopefully unrip my inbox, nothing else. Your point was made, duly noted."
"A cualquiera en capital. Pero andá al conurbano, es un asco de ks."
Awwww... fuck you.
"""I have a gold chrome paint job on my mustang, and I am getting bored with it. What paint job can I put over it so I'm not so bored?"""
"&gt; They don't just keep telling you they will look into it.

I've had it happen to me, so don't act like you've experienced every specific scenario possible when dealing with USPS."
[deleted]
"Last guy is James Lenk, brah."
"When you get the new drive are you going to want a cloned copy of your OS, or do you want to do a fresh install? "
the fact that it was ongoing didn't stop millions of words of random speculation being published in pkane's case.
ma da..i izgleda ko da se vide 2 glave jedna pored druge. u biti dijete je ovo crno sredina desno.
"18 years, 18 years. And on the 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his"
"Unless streamer misunderstood that on purpose... which is so [](#TriHard).

And SnowWarning really risked a perma there.

(PS: Seems my keyboard wants to troll me today...)"
"Thanks!
"
"Oh okay so your solution is to kill people off so that we have enough  resources? Last time I checked, humans were above that. But I guess that kind of thinking is what  I would expect from a liberal. "
"This is a terrible analogy or the wording is terrible. People can hit other people on accident. You can't rape by accident. 

The baby in the dumpster analogy is far better. "
"Edit mode &gt; Move the Minigame HUD slightly, by reducing its size and then it'll move the endurance text."
"The payout is $900 million over 30 years, less taxes.

So lets say taxes are 35%, so that 900 becomes 585.  $585 million over 30 years isn't the best return for a $292 million investment, you could reasonably expect more on the market.

If there are two winners, now you get $292.5 million over 30 years, a terrible return for a $292 million investment. "
I was there.. So beautiful. And I got a Varejao blanket!
"Consider this: e85 has much less energy in it than gasoline. It requires more oxygen and fuel to produce the same energy results that gasoline will. There is a finite supply of oxygen in that bottle, and the e85 will use it all up and burn out before it has a chance to really start burning that wood in the same manner that the gasoline will. The test is flawed. Also, a car will monitor the oxygen/fuel left after a burn cycle and adjust accordingly to achieve a complete burn, which will leave comparatively very little emissions.   
That's why you might see an old beat up car blowing black smoke - due to a malfunction or state of disrepair it has a bad fuel/oxygen adjustment and has excess fuel after the burn, which makes the exhaust smoky. "
"You've entered a very dangerous and very rightwing territory here. Corporations aren't people and therefore shouldn't have ""free speech rights"" or any rights reserved for people. And like I said, at least if they want to push an agenda they should be transparent about it. The fact that you think it's acceptable to have humongous propaganda entities in our societies brainwashing our population with their bullshit seems preposterous to me. Corporations should be accountable to their customers and society not just their filthy rich fat cat investors.
"
"Its actually a health gauge for the American electorate - may be the electorate is not that dumb after all. "
"Nah man that's just his blanket, he was on other side of me, 90lb hound/pit mix, a big baby"
We at Blackbird Technology hire strong engineers for a variety of applied r&amp;d in deep learning.  Feel free to PM me if you're interested in more details
Is this in Tampa? Florida?
You know what is more important than materialistic things? KNOWLEDGE!
Grateful Dead
"Tu peux pas comparer le voile et une croix. Ni les musulmans et les catholiques d'ailleurs. Ça a pas de sens. Je suis athée mais je comprends qu'il y ait des gens avec une religion et qu'ils la pratiquent.

Perso, je trouve qu'il devrait simplement y avoir plus d'écoles pour musulmans. Hurlements de communautarisme, mais c'est la seule chose juste et qui permettrait à terme de ne plus dire à des filles de 15 ans qu'elles sont de mauvaises Françaises parce qu'elles enlèvent pas leur voile à l'école. "
"Thank you for the encouragement!! I am working on enjoying the journey as much as the intended end result...hard said than done, but small steps in the right direction a long with a great forum for Q/A makes all the difference! Thank you again!"
Huh.
"It looked like a front end loader with forks on it. Not a crane. 

They 
obviously have something to do it easily because of the amount of cars they crush. "
Source on the image?
"Ditto. "
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auZeB95UkA4

All you need to know."
np
"Can confirm, it doesn't just make u a cool hippy"
"&gt; Invest in their lives.

Serious question for you.  How much more gibsmedat are we expected to shell out for these problem populations?  I used to be liberal as shit in this regard, but what return on investment is society getting from the billions we funnel into their education programs, community centers, and other social programs?  

At what point is it acceptable to admit that their cultures may simply be fucked and no amount of investment of time and wealth is likely to make a dent in that?"
[removed]
"Neither. Get Dark Hammers. It's currently the most consistent deck available.

If you have to choose between the 2 you listed, do Night Striker."
"Kind of...?

The Bolsheviks did grab power through intimidation, violence, and other pretty ugly channels. (And I am not denouncing all communists from the era here. Lots of them did a lot of great things.)"
"But it's mentioned in the novelization that she did scavenge the X-Wing helmet, and that it was from some pilot who fought in the Battle of Jakku."
"Then this photo really doesn't show much, does it? Need a picture illustrating that it leads outside."
"Glad you made it back! "
I will undermine my children until they fail.  You did your homework? Well after you go to bed I'm changing all your answers so you fail the assignment.  Guess who planted the drugs under your bed and called the police.  It was papa.
Why are people so against pures anyways? I love the challenge 1 defence brings but there seems to be so much hate :S
It's big for a ferret.
"Initials.

Initials on everything.

*grrrrrrrrrrrr*"
"結びで規制強化みたいなこと言ってるけど、警察やら行政がそんなんするわけないと思う。

パチンコみたいに自分らの利権にするだけだわ。"
"Link me: wabbitemu, geogebra."
"I doubt he did, it's probably a paraphrasing of his quote about Sen. John McCain's time as a Vietnam POW."
"For one, we don't need it to be a cape, let alone a fire cape variant. That's just lazy.

Two, green lava isn't a thing, so it looks weird to a lot of people it seems.

Because I don't play any more I'm not voting, but I still personally think it's a poor design, as its just riding off of the fire cape's popularity + green because ranged."
"Hi, very nice writeup. Any insights on how you got to the C&amp;C?"
"The missing icons will make it in 6.2, since it's a flex bundle, you're only paying for the currently available icons and you'll be able to get the remainder when they become available.   

Total price and discounts are not affected."
They probably 100's in stock but will only has 10 available to buy.
"Set Messi's instructions to cut inside and get in behind. And I would do Pogba LCM, Marchisio CDM, Iniesta RCM, and Dani Alves RB."
This is amazing. CONGRATS ON BEING AN UNCLE!
"Yes, he's asking for advice but not wether he missed out."
"TSK, lvl 35 male luvdisc deposited for the perfect beldum (if not available one of the perfectly placed iv ones would be cool too). Thanks!"
That's not that strange
"More like ""Wait, that is (anime) Nepgear's phobia!"" (referencing episode 1)"
"drive shafts on sunnysky get bent very easily.  you can google it, pretty well documented out there.  so buy extras since theyre so cheap = )"
"The rack is Fitness Gear, and probably the bench and 300# weight set too. Fitness Gear equipment is on the low end for quality but in the middle for price. There are better options in the price range and if you're already willing to drive 2 hours there will be a much better deal on Craigslist eventually. You've got to be fast, though. The good deals don't hang around. 

"
"*cries and makes a new character, become the paragon of the wastes*"
Probably new client including voice chat and many more.
Rosa Parks also didn't get a bunch of people with assault rifles to take over the bus station because she didn't want to pay 5 cents for a ride
"oh well, back to battlefield."
"Yes, of course, it's different this time! I'm laughing too pal. "
"I remember it being dead before the Ovi era. Still  for about 6 years now Verizon Center has been full. 

The Islanders have been near the bottom for like a decade though....."
[removed]
"It is compatible with other AR uppers. The issue is the whether or not the bolt is compatible. The SCR uses a proprietary BCG. 

I don't think it's in their catalogue yet. Call or email them and ask.

Or get an SCR and a dedicated .22 lr rifle. Drop in .22 conversions aren't that great."
"I called and she wasn't there, but the assistant manager seemed to think everything was kosher but I should call back tomorrow when the manager is there again. So no big deal for now! "
"Almost didn't read till the end, glad I did.

   At first I thought it was a post by one of our western users translated into Russian by a native."
"@ninersnation and @davidneumann_ They have a great podcast. Also ninersnation.com
"
"yep, EU server is having problems. If you're not on EU, time to stop playing on dial up with a nokia 3310. Nice setup you had there though"
Am I the only one who really doesn't care about the downsides of this?
"They have some onsite made Bourbons, Ryes and Single Malt ageing up at the new location at BlueSky.  My name is on the barrels and I got to taste each before it was put in the barrels.  "
Do you have any background for this ? Seems pretty farfetched... ?
Just send our most fun loving gay people to the Middle East. They'll realize the good times and good fashion they're missing out on.
"I see it, and I know Hillary has attacked him in the past, and will attack him more, especially since he isn't that crazy long shot socialist from Vermont anymore. His momentum has her and her camp scared. But the momentum that has gotten us this far wasn't built on attacking her. So far she's done enough of that herself.

What has gotten us this far, besides the enormous efforts of his supporters, has been Bernie's insistence to stay on the issues, and so I think we should really only bring out the counter-attacks when necessary. Americans want to focus on the issues, lets give em the issues is how I see it."
The huntress might want to consider wearing some armour.
It wasn't me.
"No. [This is](http://bobkatsjaunt.com/images/Finland/Wife%20Carry%20Finnish%20Line-A.jpg)

Misspelled finish line in ""wife carrying contest"""
I will say two girls.  Thanks and congratulations!
"My fiance and I are on Vacation visiting a friend in Tuscaloosa, AL. We had amazing barbecue last night for dinner. I'm hoping for round 2 for lunch."
"If you send more than 2-3 messages in a row without a response to someone you hardly know, you're absolutely being clingy. The receiver doesn't owe this guy anything. "
Said Thermos http://imgur.com/kPRxi3c
He's always calm in his tutorials except that trading rant I suppose. On stream it depends on how well the game goes but yeah he seems calmer overall.
Amazing!
"You need a good dose of lethal injection. It's cruel to keep you alive "
I wonder if I'll ever get a girlfriend. I guess I'll keep working on finding scholarships and a college to go to.
"Spot on, old chap."
"Skeleton is like melting (heh), where he is difficult to use in the early game, but he has an amazing ability when you build properly. 1HP is so much less than 24 ammo."
Funny how most of these can be explained because of bad writing.
london are way ahead in the cloning technology than rest of country in world
"and /u/faustayannis
(12min old account)"
"What if the headlines were ""Terrorist Group Poisons City""?  Would that garner the proper attention?  Rick Snyder belongs in jail.  He is at least guilty of criminal negligence.  He still refuses to ask for help from the Federal Government.  He is responsible for the irreparable poisoning of children!  I don't know how he could live with himself (unless he's a proud member of ISIS).  Hopefully, Homeland Security and other federal agencies will get involved and prosecute his ass."
Samsies
"Please provide in-game pictures and use Troxel to showcase your creation.  The site you chose is unrecognized and so has been stuck in the spam filter.  "
"I think koosta said he wouldn't be leavin NME, which is kinda sad because he is a good player."
There's not really very much co-op on so high sm
"In other words: I have to reset. :D Thank you very much. "
"Please do tell them that. There are two sides to every story. 

If eating shit is your fetish then that is on you. However, you could also tell them:

* The Talmud says that Gentile lives were worth no more than the lives of barnyard animals and Jewish lives are akin to God Himself. It's okay to steal from a Gentile or to kill a Gentile, but Jewish lives are sacred.

* Confessions at the Nuremburg Trials and the executions of so many German ""war criminals"" were were extracted under torture.

* The holocaust death toll was more around 300,000 than 6 million. Also, several countries, including the US refused to take in Jewish refugees.
"
South Puget Sound area in Washington state.
Don't tell him... But china is a technocracy (among other things)
[deleted]
Took about 20 minutes to find my final 2 stadiums (The KC and St. Mary's).
"Never thought of that, guess I'll keep my PPLPPP routine then.

Thanks!"
"Easy answer would be to look at his tax returns. If there was interest that he was making off of it, it would show up there. Now, I am not a Cruz supporter, in fact, I really can't stand him. However, my guess is that there probably was interest being charged on it...and it was likely the 3% to cover the interest to GS. This would far more likely be the norm."
"Sadly there's not enough people on the Rand Paul subs to launch a successful brigade. "
"That's on the countries and their politicians. I'm in the US so I honestly have no stake in this. You're right but we aren't dealing in how it should be, we are dealing in how it is. "
thanks.  i'll look into doing that
[removed]
"How was the post you replied to salty?

In any way?"
[deleted]
"That pretty much sums it up perfectly... "
"&gt; Natives never forced their religion upon anyone. 

You know this isn't true, right? Native nations often warred with one another, often over ideology and beliefs. Entire nations were founded that way.

As the Inca conquered, for example, they forced the conquered to assimilate, nicking just enough of the beliefs of those they conquered to sate them while otherwise converting them to their own belief system.

Basically, just like Christians did.

The Aztecs flat-out *murdered* in the nation of their belief.

The Mayans did, too, to a more limited extend.

And so on.

&gt; Nothings so concrete as you are saying it is.

Indeed.

Heed your own words."
"Best. Dobby. Ever. "
"I'm an EM. 

We advance moderately faster than other rates. If you go nonrate then 'a' school you probably won't get this specific bonus but there may be another equal/better/worse/none  in place by the time you go to school. 

Don't let bonuses sway you. $10k pre taxes isn't worth hating your job for 4-6 years. 

Junior EMs will work mostly on routine maintenance on electrical equipment as well as basic troubleshooting. EM2s do a lot of the maintenance and a lot of the troubleshooting as well as a fair bit of admin. EM1s do most the admin and help with large/difficult projects. 

You should spend most your time on a cutter, shore duty as an EM is worthless unless you spend it taking college courses. The more underway experience you get, especially as a junior EM the better

Hope that answers your questions!"
"That depends on you and what games you play. Popular games always have enough players online. Also Games with Gold grants you monthly games.

Just don't buy gold directly from MS, because it's always most expensive.
Look for good deals on sites like G2A and xboxliveuk76.com etc."
Impulse in Young Justice.
Whoever commented first. You're shadow banned
Astronaut or dog whisperer obviously
I feel like Episode VII was already too much like Episode IV. We don't need a remake of the original Trilogy. We need a new one.
"&gt; I know it's fake, because they force the audience to gasp/laugh etc, but why do they force the audience to gasp/laugh at those particular moments when everyone knows it's fabricated?

Even though people know it's fake, it still can trick them into thinking it's real.

Same as when people in commercials smell their new detergent and smile like they won the lottery.  We know they are actors but some part of our brain thinks it is real."
you must be great fun at parties
"technically what the 390 is. But, yes. "
Ha awesome name! I read your flair first (thought wait a minute) then I saw your username!
"My guess is that the guy in the van got angry, because the cammer slowed down very fast, when the guy in front of him almost stopped completely. "
I'm glad this was my first Coen Brothers movie.
"True i suppose, different people different responses.  I dk I can't say because I;m male, but my experience has always been fight depending on the opportunity for flight.  I've fought at bars, and street corners to defend myself. Never really starting shit with people, just responding.  You hold your ground.  

Have you ever taken any martial arts or fitness classes like kick boxing, even weight training, alot of our response to these types of situations has to do with the underlying confidence we have in our ability.  If you know that last week you were training in the gym working on a muay thai combo, that confidence might give you the push to, as you said, get violent or scream, and not freeze if it were to ever happen again. "
[**Panini in the wild.**](https://media.licdn.com/mpr/mpr/p/2/005/078/212/3c36c7f.jpg)
"The times I've been rejected were just normal rejections where they didn't see me the same way I saw them. It's not that they rejected me BECAUSE of making a move- but they wouldn't have made a move either due to not being interested.

The surprise usually has wound up leading to an ""I don't know"" that transforms into a yes or no when they stop being flustered."
"I've heard them on the classic rock stations too. It makes me so sad. "
"It's also the cynical side in us- if you're around r/consulting for any amount of time, you see the same questions asked over and over.  ""hey guys i have 0.56, can I haz MBB"", to the highly questionable ""I lied on my resume about my gpa and now im f'ed"", to the illegal ""I steal on my expense reports lolz"".  After seeing these for a while and trying to be helpful, it gets old...quick.  There's 1. a sticky, 2. a search function, 3. the internet.  It's no fun to make a hot cynical title and click through the link to see ""deleted"". "
WWE are already doing great things with Neville. He's a strongly booked high flying act who's on tv every week.
"Honestly, there are some things about Matt's story that don't add up to me. Not to mention he's got the motive, I think. Nicole's video seems genuine, she didn't even edit it- whereas Matt is inviting sympathy by crying for the camera, and then saying ""let me collect myself"" then there's an obvious edit. He mentions being embarrassed for crying, but if he's editing it then why leave the crying in unless he is inviting sympathy on purpose?

Then the whole text saying ""I set to public by accident"" and then his first line is ""I never thought I'd talk to the public about this"". Hmmm."
"Gotta love technology. Saves money, removes multiple jobs and is the answer for anything the government manages.

One thing I cannot stand is broken phone loops to avoid a veteran or any customer from being able to speak to a human being. They do this shit on purpose. For whatever their reason is... Short manned or too busy to deal with phone calls... Try our online knowledge base. No thanks. Need human being.

Be cool if you do get to talk to someone... American... Unlike when my wife called for Obama care and got someone in India trying to fix a screw up they made.

Hope you get the help you need buddy."
"No zombies?  Have you played the game recently?  Go shoot a gun in Elektro and tell me there are no zombies. 

Not optimized?  Sure, its not fully optimized (mainly because the new rendering engine hasn't been released yet), but it's running a lot better.  

I like to compare DayZ to ARK.  In ARK, I get terrible performance and people like to say that it's much better than dayz.  It's UI is terrible, but it does have a nice crafting system.   

In ARK, I get 10-20FPS, sometimes a bit more if there is nothing around me.  In DayZ, I get 30-40FPS in the cities and 50+ in the wilderness.

Also desync has been addressed and is mostly resolved.  Passenger in vehicles no longer see the car rolling off road when the driver is going perfectly straight. "
This will show up on r/wtf
"Platform: Xbox One
Server: EU
Alliance: Ebonheart Pact

Guild name: Mystic Vale

We are a small, tight knit group of players, who mainly partake in PvE. Typically most guild activities are pledges, dungeons and now the orsinium world bosses, but we also branch out into PvP. Made up of veteran MMO players and newbies alike, as a guild we are very social and like to help each other out.

If interested in joining, feel free to message me here or on Xbox live and we can fit you into our guild!"
"Thanks for the reply! I am having a shower, but we're not expecting anyone to buy us the big stuff. Our parents have already extended offers for the stroller and glider so that's just a matter of purchasing. Do people actually gift car seats? I'm mentally preparing myself for a NICU stay but everything just feels so up in the air with a twin pregnancy that I don't know what to think half the time!"
[removed]
"Is there a way for me to request this imgur mirroring thing not to happen to my art? Like, you don't need to take this one down it's just a shitty redraw, but in general reposting someone's shit to a different website that they have no control over seems kinda rude and terrible. Do you at least keep the imgur delete post links in case someone does want you to take it down? I also feel like we should maybe reconsider letting people know we're gonna post their art here so that they at least know such a thing is happening and can request it not to happen if they want. Ugh this belongs in a whole new post rather than as a comment here.

Edit: I'm gonna go actually read the threads announcing this not and then I'm gonna reread the thread from last year where everyone talked about whether or not to let tumblr artists that we were posting their stuff, and then I'll make a discussion post about this stuff since I think we need to talk about it again."
HPE is the only human you can play FMK with and its just him!
"fuck off the mass media has been covering this shit up for months "
legislation isn't what capitalism is about. It's the people that are anti-capitalism that are asking for legislation. These laws appeal to the general public but in reality gives the creators more control without oversight.
[removed]
"tagged you as ""genuine retard"" and set to ignore.

im not wasting my time walking some dipshit through basic science he is too incompetent to understand.

i bet you are so fucking stupid that despite telling you i have set you to ignore you will still reply despite the fact i cant read it .

you are simply a fucking moron"
"You've installed some kind of shell enhancement package... look at your .bashrc or .zshrc (if using zsh) or whatever.
"
"[FE4](#s ""Arion. The guy is basically set up to be playable, but only turns into an ally after talking to him with Altena. He also will always follow her. I would love to have direct control over him."")"
"They should go the route taken by the southern states of the US, and become born again. Not only will the population double, but the teen birth rate will spike to boot."
"1369
I got hooked into trading when I got a WW Masterpiece drop from vanguard after I had been playing for a couple weeks, I wanted to get a knife, had no knowledge, fucked up, and wanted to get a better one."
Simple cards? You mean Overpower'd cards?
makes a grown man cry
"It's awesome. It would have been even more awesome if they'd put Kumatora instead of Lucas' mom. 

EDIT: I made it quickly with MS Paint if it interests anyone. http://imgur.com/wOfPvil"
"Try machine porn. They usually do, a lot. You can find it by searching ""machine"" in the title."
Seems weird that he contacted you for permission but then didn't credit you. Hopefully he just wanted to get the video up and it was an oversight and he will correct it.
Alright
"I read somewhere that older fridges used to just have a latch on the outside and not the pull handles so kids would climb in old ones for whatever reason and get stuck and die. I think they passed a law in US in the 50's to ban the latches and only use the magnetic sealed doors. "
"Apparently she would be resigning from a position that she is ""right"" for at least according to OP's apology. OP's original email stated that she's not a good fit for a possible promotion.... "
Who said sellout? I said cheap fan service cashgrab.
"За нищо. А що се отнася до въпросите свързани с местенето, трудно ми е да кажа - като студент вещите ми не бяха тонове - дрехи, книги и лаптоп. Събрах се в 2 куфара и една допълнителна такса. Чисто от куриоз(и ако не е твърде лично разбира се) - на каква възраст си? И на какъв етап от образованието си(и какво е)? Едното нещо, което също съм длъжен да спомена е, че има разлика между това да си дойдеш за 5 дни и да се радваш на купона и това да си тук постоянно. В един момент хората свикват, че си си тук и купонът угасва. И живота си тръгва по старо му - работа от 9 до 6, инцидентна бира петък вечер, по-често с колеги от колкото с приятелите от едно време и т.н. Аз бях сред първите, които заминаха да учат в навечерието на влизането ни в ЕС и в последствие бях един от първите, които се прибраха по какви ли не причини. Тогава нямаше особена база за сравнение и нямаше много-много кой да питаш. Ситуацията вече е доста по-различна. Най-често задавания въпрос беше: ""Ама що""? Отговора не беше лесен. Трудно е да обясниш неща, които само ти си преживял(а). Интересното е, че в един момент завърналите се станаха доста и този въпрос започна да става рядкост. Истината е, че за последната година съм го чул веднъж. В началото беше по 3 пъти дневно."
[removed]
give me your trade link?
"Thanks, got Venom for $26 shipped."
Barf.
"Police, boyoo"
[deleted]
"! pio, pio, yo no he sido !"
It's cool. Did you want to send to the eggs to the matching IGN? :)
"The one thing a grown man should do is use a meme correctly "
"Huh, that is weird man I'd first suggest resetting modem/router which i'm sure you've done also restart computer other than that there is a way I believe at the main menu to see which data center your connected to and your ping"
"So I must've been rush-reading or need Lasik . . .

. . . 'cause I first thought the title was *Thousands of new restaurants coming to downtown*  

That seemed plausible for a half-second, actually."
There is a place in Wellington Plaza called Rivendall Books. I think they accept used books.
"So, you're a Redditor? "
"Great point. I think marketing needs to rework their strategy on the ""Fall sales rush"". 

With the huge lul that occurs in the summer, it seems like a great time to release AAA titles that people might not feel are ""AAA"".

I feel like that helped Rocket League. No games were out and a free game comes through and everyone had no expectations."
"The ending is going to be the same, as are most major plot points. If The Wall falls this coming season, it'll fall in TWOW. If Cleganebowl happens... Who am I kidding it's practically confirmed GET FUCKING HYPE"
"Already read Vinge, but great suggestion. The hivemind dogs are really unique. But I will look into Pournelle's *The Mote in God's Eye*. Sounds interesting."
"I never got a response. I still want the egg, when would be a good time? "
"I'm with you.

That said, a lot of UM students gripe about the shortness of our holiday break, and I would certainly be amendable to arguments that we should consider starting Winter term later in January.  You could point to the travel demands placed on our far-flung student body, for example.  You could discuss the benefit of an extra week or two of rest for burnt-out students.  You could point out the possibility of sponsoring some awesome inter-term trips or service projects.  All reasonable.  But I don't think ""We might get to play in the CFB championship game"" is one of the better arguments.  However practical it might be from a lot of Harbaugh-related standpoints.  However giddy that makes me feel.  I would definitely go at it from another angle.  You'd certainly avoid some faculty grumbling, and a lot of public hand-wringing."
Now please list *all* *possible* injuries or sickness or all unhealthy things about having sex. I know broken penis should be on top.
Skeletor AKA Tom Coughlin
I'm a personal trainer and I do this kind of estimation all day long ;)
"You should make a video: Straight guy sucks dick for the first time  
Just make sure it's another straight guy's dick, so it doesn't get weird."
"Will Dual Avant, Rize, Shera, Griff and Zeruiah suffice for a full autobattle team? I had Chrome in place of Zeruiah but the squad struggled on single target levels."
Assisting in mayhem and playing.
"Use the keto calculator and its estimate "
"That is a legitimate concern I had not considered. A complicated one too, because I can't imagine an attempt to address it that wouldn't devolve quickly into an attempt to impose some other dogmatic view. Maybe some sort of peer-review knife-fight system? No, disadvantages the weak.......I got it! Ridicule! Open and honest ridicule! It's worked great for Reddit! (seriously, though, tough issue there)"
"
http://imgur.com/a/ezmKL

its not perfect but its very good, tell me if interested, its 0.009"
"this is correct, although i would add you need to be logged into chrome on the desktop with the same account as on android.

And to see the currently open tabs, it is History &gt; device_name"
"We get Kaio-Ken Luffy when he goes into Gear Second. At least in my imagination. "
"Your post has been removed because 
*stream posts are not allowed unless they accompany an event. Please use /r/LoLstreams instead.*

If you are not familiar with the subreddit rules, you can read them [here](/r/leagueoflegends/w/subredditrules).



---
^(Have a question or think your post doesn't break the rules?) **[^(Message the mods)](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fleagueoflegends)** ^or **[^(discuss it on LeagueofMeta)](/r/LeagueOfMeta/)**^."
Up.
"replay analysis.   My KDA went from 2.2 to ~2.7,  in a single weekend of playing and reviewing EACH and EVERY death.  It now sits at 3 ± .25 when I try hard.   

Look for at around 30 seconds before your death and see what you did wrong.  Sure some deaths are unavoidable but you don't know which ones until watch the replay and most deaths are avoidable, especially in lane.    Where many deaths come from not respecting you opponents damage, range or just poor warding and the jungler coming in."
It was released in 2011. [Here's the Amazon page] (http://www.amazon.com/Running-Mates-Thomas-Michael/dp/B00ECXJC7S/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1451932403&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=running+mates+dvd) where you can buy it for a couple bucks.
"[I prefer this one, for those with a twisted sense of humor](http://i.imgur.com/P2FyOI0.jpg)"
"Coyotes make me nervous. One followed my grandpa down the road when he was out for his daily walk, without his knowledge, until a car saw it and stopped which scared it away. They are not afraid of humans here."
[deleted]
"Not sure why you're being downvoted, since you're [right](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_best-selling_video_games#All_platforms). It just sounds so unbelievable. I've never met anyone who's bought a phone version of Tetris."
"So I have the meatballs all in one container, the rice in another, and the stew in yet another. I don't think there's really a bad way to do it.

Last night I just tossed a couple meatballs in the little bowl, poured some of the stew on top, then added some rice. For my lunch today, I combined it all in a tupperware last night. 

I just didn't want to have to be digging around for meatballs in the stew haha. I think keeping separate just makes it easier to portion, but either way would be fine (maybe keep rice separate). 

It is amazingly delicious and filling too. It gets a bad rep because people hear that sumo's eat it to gain weight, but they fail to realize that they are eating an insane amount of it at a time. Like entire pots in a day. It's very healthy, tasty, and hearty - perfect for winter!"
"Well, I am on Verizon so there's no telling when I'll get MM"
"It's ok, you can just buy more gold."
Thanks for straightening that out for me. I'm more of a carpenter transitioning into woodworking. A decent set of chisels will be my next purchase and there is just to much information out there about this stuff.
"It sounds like you are in the right place, just do not have the options. My wireless device is a Realtek one. It might be due to you having a different device as I think Realtek ones are very common. Could be worng though."
If you value your time DONT DO IT I'm 99 hours in and not even done yet
"As long as it's nothing like, ""My ex had a big dick and I loved fucking him.""  If she's sharing a relevant memory from a time when her and her ex were at the same restaurant we happen to be sitting in, that's totally fine. 

 If she repeatedly brings him up, that'd also be bothersome.  Otherwise I really don't see the issue.  "
"No! After you buy the voucher, we have no further information from it."
"No, not really.

The author is only level headed when differentiating between fired and not renewed. Beyond that he uses Pep's misbegotten tenure as some kind of pro-grigson argument and falls squarely in defense of the GM in the front office battles that wrecked the team. The one thing I think is clear in this mess is that letting Grigson play moneyball maverick with the team while hamstringing the coaching staff produced an 8-8 season watching the playoffs on TV."
I'm believing until it's real!
"He's coming. We need to stop by the workshop. "
"thanks, that fixed it"
Division system has got to go. No way Washington and Houston should be in the playoffs while the Jets aren't.
Why not get a coach who is known for great offense to get the most out of your young QB? I don't think it's insulting to Mariota. It's common sense. Chip's offense can blow the doors off of teams with the right personnel and Marcus is the prototypical QB to run it.  It's insulting to suggest that Marcus NEEDS Chip to be successful but I don't think anyone is seriously suggesting that after the season he had under Wiz/Mukarley.
"1. Nuts and Dolts 4 life
2. I don't think that Weiss is at a point in her life where she should be in a romantic relationship"
"Eh, that's ridiculous. It's the responsibility of the person in the relationship to communicate and respect its boundaries."
I already have a lot of diresable items though.
"""Hey, what's up? Hello.""

""Yeah, Donovan?""

""I seen your pretty ass soon as you came in the door.""

""Um, Donovan?""

""I just wanna chill, got a sack for us to roll.""

""I'm gonna tell Gambino...""

""He's married to the money, introduced me to your hole.""

"
Thats wrotten by the LN Author.
"Fuck Me?

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/theydidthefuckyou) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"When I click on a link and the masthead says

&gt;INSIDE EVERY LIBERAL IS A TOTALITARIAN SCREAMING TO GET OUT

I'm done.

So here's my advice to the pissy, impotent Chicago conservatives:  Either get good at winning elections, or don't be an asshole to people you want to convince.

~~EDIT:  holy shit, this collection of right-wing nonsense was stickied?  Can some mods chime in with an explanation of that?~~"
"you lprobably ok now :)

6-0 esc on cobble ct side.. gg man, i lost :)"
[deleted]
"Why dump STR? +Dex and +Cha are not exactly Monk ability scores. You will have to spend many feats and/or magic items before you start doing the same damage that others do.

A [Dervish Dancer bard](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/feats/combat-feats/dervish-dance-combat) is far more aligned with the stats associated with a Halfling, and would be my pick for a STR-dump build.

Going small and dumping STR on a full martial with large number of attacks is wtf bad. Its like dumping INT when you're a Wizard. Honestly, I think going 16-STR (ie: 18-STR -2 penalty) is going to help you out more than spending feats and magic items trying to go SAD with Dex. At least with the Bard, you get other options (like spellcasting) to make up for the fact that your damage sucks."
"[Studebacherhoch](http://xhamster.com/user/studebacherhoch). I have amassed a pretty decent favorites section so check it out. Just reply on here or pm me with your username if u want to friend me on there, I get a lot of requests so if I know your name you won't get lost in the mix."
"Thanks, I started working out religiously on the 6th, and by the 15th I was doing 800 calories. I wish I could lower my calories goal for certain days of the week because I don't do cardio M/W/F"
The gameplan was to take advantage of Miami's terrible run defense. Didn't work.
"I just wanted to see slow motion bouncing boobies :( "
Heh. We were all like that.
"The shittalk come from EU fanboys, who rightefully feel good about theire region, but became so arrogant it's unbearable. NA has an issue with breeding talent, it's a fact, but it's not a reason to shittalk a region 24/7. It's getting really annoying

PS: i'm not from NA"
SHOT
Hvad med mine chicken nuggets? De er kun lavet med kærlighed.
I stand corrected.
[deleted]
"&gt; The crookedness of the meat industry, like all other industries, extends to your politicians. (I'm not in the USA, btw.)

This issue is more nuanced than simply being the 'crookedness of the meat industry'. Since you obviously didn't read the article, the decision to remove the labels came from the World Trade Organization. Failure to do so could result in potentially billions dollars in fines/tariffs for the US, as the US would be breaching the terms of the NAFTA agreement as determined by the WTO. This is an issue of countries looking to increase their GDP and strengthen their economies, more so than it is a crooked meat industry issue.

&gt; As for your food safety regulations, just take a look at the overall health of the US population.

Like the horse meat debacle that the EU recently had? So much for superior/strict food safety regulations. ;)

Joking aside, the US health issues are much more related to food education issues and not food safety regulation issues. Anything consumed in excess is bad for you, no amount of regulation is going to prevent that.

Unless you're suggesting that we take the more European, and as such more xenophobic, approach to our lawmaking. What other reason is there to know that the meat you buy at the shops comes from Canada vs the US? After all, the food you're consuming still has to meet the same food safety regulations regardless of the country of origin."
"&gt; Fiestar - You're Pitiful

Thank you."
"Cool stat, although not that surprising considering Wilson is the 2nd highest rated passer of all time (behind only Rodgers).  

I can't recall another player in any sport win AND put up such good stats, yet be so underappreciated.  I do think the world is beginning to catch on to him, but it basically took him going on a historic streak while losing half of his offensive weapons to do so."
"&gt; AA is one of the only methods of effectively treating alcoholism. 

Evidence?

&gt;It is the sole purpose of why it exists.

Begging the question.

&gt;We, the recovering alcoholics are the proof.

Proof!... Alcoholic! I get it! Funny.

But seriously... Do you have *evidence* that AA has efficacy?"
"Here's a video tutorial (didn't watch it, just googled)
https://www.ableton.com/en/blog/clip-launching-and-follow-actions-new-tutorial-dj-tech-tools/

Basically, set up a number of clips in a track, each with a note in the scale you want to use.  Under the follow action area, set the action to ""other"" (I think).  You trigger the first clip, and it randomly plays another clip in that track.  If you set all of the clips to ""other,"" they'll randomly play the clips in the track.  Another way is to set the top track to ""other,"" us it as your root note, and all the other clips in that track to ""first"" (I think), that way the notes bounce back to the root each time.

Sorry, at work and nowhere near Ableton.  Look up some tutorials on follow actions. Another, easier, way would be to add a MIDI effect for scale, another for random, and maybe an arpeggiator?"
You're a synth
Seriously? Enjoying a casual game is childish and means you have a mental disease? Not everyone likes games where all you do is shoot things. I like RPGs. And Nintendo has some of the best RPGs around.
That's a very acceptable reason.
"Liquid cooling at its finest. "
"After seeing everyone's comments about the EN song list being changed, I decided to compare it to TW, since we're still in Maki, and I realized that TW is definitely NOT using the song list that was used in the JP Maki medfest... nor apparently the song list of any other medfest to date. ~~i'm not very observant~~

I'll probably make a post with the *actual* TW song list after I eat. &gt;.&gt;"
"thank god you're gone
"
"Blue Is The Warmest Colour. Young closeted me went for gay sex, ended up bawling an being sad for the next few days."
why would you not install updates?
"&gt; I would do anything to play a remaster of Bioshock 1 + 2 + Infinite

Don't give up hope on that!"
yep. im distracted
"I'm team Jugdral all the way. "
"Are you now calling conservative Christians fringe? "
"I need to get this version. "
"A tie between:

https://i.imgur.com/2nlNDTN.gifv

And


http://i.imgur.com/J64fUv9.gifv"
"I think the very visual of his name has become my blue ribbon (migraine).  Prolly missed that I have posted this elsewhere, but it should be noted O'Kelly attempted to give that blue ribbon to Brendan to take back to his juvie cell after asking Dassey if he was thinking about suicide.  Sick F*ck."
"Hopefully SCOTUS will grant  polygamists the same rights the rest of us have. If not, it shows a serious kink in the state-restricted world of marriage. "
"No they're not.

They're staying in their bases with mining quarries."
"  
[Timely Reinforcements](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Handlers/Image.ashx?name=Timely Reinforcements&amp;type=card&amp;.jpg) - [(G)](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=Timely Reinforcements) [(MC)](http://magiccards.info/query?q=!Timely Reinforcements)  
^^^[[cardname]] ^^^to ^^^call ^^^- ^^^New ^^^functions ^^^available!"
"Um

Yeah man"
"I played both, FO3 w/o TTW and FO3 with TTW. I recommend installing TTW from the get-go only because the game crashed a lot more w/o TTW. The mod saved me from having to reload all the time and being paranoid that game was going to crash."
"The cartels don't fuck with America so we don't fuck with them. "
"I just realised I'm a grown adult and can buy my own RC cars, build my own ramps... probably even start my own small fires to jump over. This epiphany couldn't have come on Saturday?"
"WoW account, send the gold over. The tokens are BoP."
"Hope this is something close to what you had in mind! If you'd like any changed to it, let me know :)

http://miniathril.deviantart.com/art/WildFire-Zyra-Wallpaper-1356-x-768-582387342?ga_submit_new=10%253A1451932720"
[deleted]
"Alright fine since none of you assholes have fulfilled your duty.

MURFFFFFFFFF, DON'T LEMME LEAVE MURFFFFFFFF. MAKE ME STAY

Edit: NVM, had to scroll some more, looks like /u/dyzok took care of it."
This is the place :)
That's not how the force works
But a eugenics program would disproportionately affect people who have had poor education.
"In TWOIAF the Valyrian's never tried to convert anyone. Valyrian's believed in their gods, everyone else believed in their own. As long as they paid their taxes and didn't start rebellions the Valyrians were happy. "
"Help get Moe laid, like you do the Diamond City DJ. He'll lighten up. Seriously, the guy is constantly sporting wood."
"[](/ssfacehoof-r) No Masque, I'm buying some ancient crystal artifacts off of her."
"If I were a betting man, I'd put a small to medium amount of money on this being the problem - I had a similar problem on my fist rig. Do as u/rogerss93 says and get some more standoffs, and don't try turning it on until they are all in place



"
"&gt;eu fan boys

Salt post"
"Alright, *our* base."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CLCOvZOh1o
"Just try, playing in the 5th division of gold or silver."
what neighborhood do you live in?
I said McDonalds because it has a drive thru just like Starbucks.
...please?
I'm with you on that one. He would probably be one of my favorites if his delivery wasn't so fucking awful. His scream-rapping is the most abrasive shit ever.
What?
Plus nuclear material drops :D.
"Practice D A and E shaped barres, get into alternate tunings and make the same sounds. Being able to recognize scales by ear requires you to develop both knowledge of scales and a good ear. Learning scales by intervals across different tunings rather than by blindly memorizing shapes will help develop both pretty quickly. "
"These will be sold on Amazon and Best Buy, like GearVR, not like DK2."
"running is running, the O is prepared to play without any real run game, its the pass blocking that DWill brings that is the loss, if he doesn't play"
"Error on the side of large for chews so they don't choke. Error on the side of small for treats so they don't get fat. Look for ""training"" treats for low calorie options. "
That thing is friggin massive my dude. I remember my bud parking next to one in his 2008 Expedition with a 2 inch lift and the QX at stock height was just as tall as it. Looked like the QX was an inch or two wider and longer too.
I hope that will be funnier than the movie....
It looks great! Do you mind sharing your routine?
There's a simple solution to that... Don't drive with snow on your roof.
"GOOD DUDE, DECENT FC BUT HE DOES THINGS THAT DERTYDAN'S MA CAN'T COMPETE WITH"
Something something I identify as a helicopter.
Is there any important stuff you should get each day other than like daily fractals and world bosses?
Have you seen the amount of Canadians that come down here in the winter? They know it's not always hot
[deleted]
"All the Organization members were absolute bitches.  
Demyx: Dance Water Dance, nuff said.  
Saix: Fucking berserker mode.  
Xaldin:  HOLY FUCKING SHIT.  That tornado cannon is absurd.  
Xigbar:  Teleporting and shit, ridiculous.  
Xemnas:  Infinite final forms, plus FUCKING LIGHTSABERS.  
I guess Axel wasn't too bad, except for the GODDAMN FLOOR BEING ON FIRE."
"I don't know how many you have, so just disconnect when you're done."
"I've started from a Liliana's caress, waste not, burning inquiry, dream salvage funtime and moved to b/r 8rack.  
Looks like you're still in between those two.  What you need to see is that you're trying to combine two different decks, a hand disruption/burn type and a rack type.  
Mostly 8rack is mono black, but I love b/r too. Check out the 8rack primer in the mtgsalvation modern forum."
"A new version of the Republican Train-Wreck-Debate, instead of the same old Trump-themed Republican Train-Wreck-Debate?  Something tells me ratings won't be a problem.  "
With his legs the way they are I'm  seeing a big bird lego bottom half.
"That's awesome news man! Congrats! Did you actually get these upvotes or just use your 6 different accounts to do it?

Edit: also I had a good laugh looking at some of the shit you got downvoted for in r/fitness on your last account  "
"Not really sure what you meant by the ""lol holy shit"" comment. But wow, sorry to hear that about your situation."
"Hi guys, thanks to /u/Xeno-R3ddeemed for the warm welcome and for adding me to the challenge. I will start tonight."
"In fact, there are lots of video converter apps on the market to help us to convert MKV to MP4, but the problem here is that some programs like VisualHub, Handbrake seems to ignore subtitles on original video files, and some other converters are not capable of batch processing or even don't work. Here we highly recommend Brorsoft MKV Converter to help you batch convert MKV to MP4 with subtitles contained and no quality loss.
http://www.brorsoft.com/how-to/convert-mkv-to-mp4-with-subtitles.html"
I don't believe
"&gt; What about the government being Patronage is significant?

Patronage and feudal governments reduce our fortification triggers (tonnage needed each week).

Each Power has a gov't type or set of types that do this."
"&gt; I've already explained it to you. Elizabeth Warren attracts no voters that Bernie doesn't already attract. She is the female version of Bernie. When picking a running mate, you want to balance the ticket.

I'd agree in any other election, with any other candidates running. In this election though, I believe she'd cement his rise to the presidency precisely because she's an ""acceptable progressive"" rather than an outsider. With that logic in mind...

&gt; Bernie needs someone who has at least a few of these qualities: slightly more moderate, younger, not white, female, and not from the Northeast. Warren only checks off one of those boxes.

I'd agree for anyone other than Liz Warren. Again, this is a unique election and she's a superstar. I don't think she'll be his VP pick (I don't even know if/who she'll endorse) but she'd be the only major exception to the common wisdom of VP demographics.

Anyway, thanks for responding."
"*Miguel looks on.*

""That was me, actually.""

*The man continues itching.*

""Why would I tell you asshats why I do things?"""
remove the classification headers and send it again
"The top one is almost identical to mine, I didn't put in the gold touchpad and have orange thumbsticks. Your controllers look good."
"&gt;In a world where cybernatics are used for medical purposes and not as enhancements

Is that the case, though? Vader &amp; Grievous come to mind for cybernetic examples, while the clone troopers were IIRC genetically altered. And that's just in the movies."
"With enough coke, you can probably do anything"
"Wasn't even thinking about the games when I chose that SSD,   thanks for the heads up! I had no idea GTAv and BF4 were that massive."
"Mice 6/10

Mice with rice 10/10

Edit: formatting"
"Almost went AF after high school, as I did AFJROTC through it. Good on ya! Lots of respect for that. "
"Since it is med school, I am assuming there is a lot of cramming to do, but things still flow logically from one another.
-- --
If you currently know the majority of your cards well enough, increasing your number of reviews won't significantly affect your retention.

Instead, improving the cards (added mnemonics, pictures, recall-triggers) will help.

Since things will be logically connected, it will be best to go back to the absolute basics, the first principles, and make sure that you know them well. Know your definitions, and you can derive the rest of the matter even if you forget some of it.
-- --
Try these study tips: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlU-zDU6aQ0

Don't try to apply all of them at one go. Identify the ones which can be applied in the short time that you have, and try them one by one.

"
"My friend used one and it works good "
*as seen in Jamie's $10 meals you can make in 10 minutes*
What have they blown up?
"This is dumb as fuck. "
"If Bernie is so worried about looking bad then maybe he shouldn't be president. I don't think Putin is going to be worried about looking bad in front of Bernie. "
"Syndicate, MGSV, JC3, Dying Light, Halo 1-5, Gears 1-4, Fallout 4 and The Division "
Did Iris die? Why they hell are these promos spoiling shit?
I can't seem to access the website for only sense online. Do you have any mirrors/downloads?
"&gt; That's a funny definition of kidnapping.

It's also the actual definition of kidnapping in most states, including the state where this story occurred. *See* [Minn. Stat. § 609.25](https://www.revisor.mn.gov/statutes/?id=609.25); [Model Penal Code, § 212](http://www.law-lib.utoronto.ca/bclc/crimweb/web1/mpc/PART1/snippets/212_1.htm)."
"So it seems like a tongue-in-cheek move by Lego since it's ""still in testing"" maybe. Those cheeky bastards. "
True. But even a 2001 Honda Civic or whatever probably has a decent crash safety rating. This truck was a 2007 Ford (this style first produced in 2005).
Alex u cheeky cunt
"rex, for one."
"Star Wars gear! Great curves and waist! beautiful. "
"Oh, really?

Definitely gonna search that thread, thank you very much!"
Cry deeply.
"Back in high school, a girl said she liked the way I sat in my chair. I don't know if she was coming onto me or not."
updated.. but ratio for what..
"I'm in the same boat.  I recently got a flannel from Land's End that I really like--they have tall sizes that fit like a medium but have longer sleeves.  I'm sure other brands have long sizes, Land's End is just the one I have experience with."
this post is sanity eclipse irl
...*You* don't hurt me. *I* hurt me.
"5'1"" here, no more climbing counters for me!"
"&gt;But to dismiss his argument because he is a typical liberal

citation needed

I dismissed it because I don't agree with him or his ""salient points"".  There's not much more to read into than just that. His whole spiel came across as some guy trying to preserve a friendship and was just going to insult people rather than add anything to the conversation.

I then commented about how a lot of Leftists and SJW types pick and choose what stereotypes they use. Conflating the two as the same thought it just asinine and proving you're trying to argue something that I didn't say.

So you're just one of those people who has some weird point they want to argue and arbitrarily picks a person to make those points on even though they aren't remotely saying what you hope they are, right?"
"Not saying he's a bad card, but he was going for like 3k. When you did the superlative set that you spent 50k on and got him it was kind of a troll. Same thing I see happening with this. Drew Stanton is to tyrann Mathieu what Hekker will be to Kam"
Morris grandpa wearing a Sixers shirt lmfao
"Why in the world would we not be able to process thoughts in sign language?  It is a full language, with grammar, syntax, rules, etc.  It isn't ""just a bunch of hand movements"".  When a baby sees someone signing milk every time they get milk, they associate the sign with the word.  It is similar to a dog hearing a bag shake every time they get food (albeit humans can develop much more language than dogs).  Then when the baby makes the same sign, they get milk, and they learn to use language to request things, and so on."
"&gt; If you felt dissatisfied enough to go out and actually apply, you might want to honour that decision.

I think this is great advice."
"No, the details of each event (well, one event that's near me)

https://go.berniesanders.com/page/event/detail/gatherballotaccesssignatures/4hdh

1 day, 3 hours long

An I reading it wrong?"
Thanks
"I'm pleasantly surprised to see no comments about how he's surely going BANG BANG INTO HER MOUTH! Good show of restraint, everyone but me."
"Yeah, Gortat floaters, that's what I want our first look on offense to be."
If he's a woodworker he'd be Drew Wooden
"Anyone feel a similarity in the voice of this RF and the zoom voice from Flashpoint Paradox? It was only at certain times, specifically when he was more chill and taunting."
"Only if it's easily accessible to you.  I do not remember where I read about this doctrine, as I'm currently reading ""Joseph Smith's Temples"", ""Rough Stone Rolling"" and ""Joseph Smith: The Making of a Prophet"".  If there are a couple relevant ""official"" articles on it, those would be great to have.  

It would be interesting at some point to figure out how much time each TBM that has not scared the HS away actually would be permitted to communicate with the HS in his/her lifetime.  LOL!"
"How convenient, I was thinking about actually doing a write-up on Prescott today after watching his LA Tech game earlier. He looks vastly improved from last year and has seemed to take a real turn for the better this year, especially his footwork and short accuracy."
"[](/nmm)[Imgur mirror](http://imgur.com/a/MP7OS)  
  
[](/sp)  
  
---  
  
^(This is a bot | )[^Info](/r/mylittlepony/comments/1lwzub/deviantart_imgur_mirror_bot_nightmirrormoon/)^( | )[^(Report problems)](/message/compose/?to=meditonsin&amp;subject=NightMirrorMoon)^( | )[^(Source code)](https://github.com/meditonsin/NightMirrorMoon)"
"lol, you know how many times I was a hacker on Call of Duty because some kid didn't want to admit they died because they sucked or went the wrong way at the wrong time?"
"Thomas has some wheels. I don't think he's better than Tiki, but I like him as our extra forward."
1414
"AFAIK, no."
"My grandpa died in his bed, the same one my grandma would sleep in.  She still fucking slept in the same bed, on the same mattress, for four more years until she lost her marbles and we had to put her in a home.  "
grabbing the popcorn! /s
"Thank you for your answer. However, I didn't ask for other people opinion about which are better between earbuds or IEMs.

I just don't like IEMs and I won't buy them. :)"
Don't update the game at all and there's sure to be a glitch that lets you duplicate/get infinite souls. you'll have to play offline till you find it but FROM will definately be patching it out the day of launch if there is a glitch
"Hey! That isn't in the lore, they hate each other, just like real parents. ^(/s)"
[deleted]
[Pretty](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a0/Lord_Kelvin_photograph.jpg) [much](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d4/Karl_Marx_001.jpg).
"Plan A: build for pushing, high harass capability with wards and right click with passive

Plan B: build for killing, the huge slow with Q+passive and (redundant, but sometimes helpful) orb of venom is very good, especially when paired with any teammate with a stun

Bananamancer is quite squishy.  Priority of fights is to deploy your ult+q+wards on as many people as possible; against teams lacking good healing ability, he is capable of disgusting amounts of magic damage early on and well into the game with the right items.  Once you drop your ult and gale, try to cover as much area with your wards as possible, since the slow provided by your passive will also prevent enemies from escaping.  

The item builds already suggested in this thread are great, personally I like to purchase a glimmer cape for most games, which is pretty good at getting into position to ult or safely escaping after dropping ult, and the magic resistance is always pretty nice (being a squishy banana, most people tend to enjoy picking nukes against veno).  Without some form of escape, either by blinking, a force staff, invisibility, or teammates to save you, it really doesn't take that much to kill veno."
"You're obligated to pay for your meal regardless of the food being good or bad(within reason).  This idea of a social contract for everything in addition to the bill is interesting.  Both sides of a contract have terms they must meet otherwise that party defaults the agreement.  You've made it clear that customers should pay at least 15% extra on their meal as a tip for their server.  What is required of the server to not void the chance at the tip though?

I get there are some people who don't tip ever and that in the US a servers hourly rate is lower because it has tip money factored into it.  I've worked in kitchens and honestly believe 99% of the people who don't tip are just jerks."
[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Hammocks/comments/42v7jd/boyfriend_just_left_to_deploy_this_is_his_bed_in/) by /u/BraidedClimber in /r/Hammocks
"U welcom


Next 2 rare capsules will be a Rare for u"
In 'explosive damage' so damage splash. Someone else pointed out normal damage for each shot is the same so you just need to be more accurate rather than hitting close to someone's feet.
"Transcoding is typically used to lower quality for play on A. smaller screens or B. over a slow connection. If you're on a LAN and a Pi2 is your client/player there's no need to transcode. You would just play the mkv directly from your share. That's why I recommended a second Pi; that way you get a nice user interface, access to the Kodi library features, and don't have to deal with a ""smart"" TV's shitty/slow UI. 

Technically you could do all of this with a single Pi2 but I think that would be pushing it, especially if you end up doing a lot of downloading. You'd probably get some stutter playing video while unpacking files, for instance. "
"Given that his change in position on all of those coincided with his run for the Presidency, I can make an educated guess."
"Here is my information on /u/HorseCode:

No History



This database is undergoing active recovery - meaning it will likely create and lose loans. For more information, see [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/borrow/comments/426g6u/meta_loansbot_back_online_but_without_the_database/). [search](http://www.reddit.com/r/Loans+borrow/search?q=HorseCode&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all), [reddit investigator](http://redditinvestigator.com/HorseCode), [justin paulin creddit rating](http://justinpaulin.com/tools/credditrating.php?username=HorseCode)"
"Which order is best for this comp? L, R, dragon? "
"I teach 4-5 year old preschool in a public school setting, I can not imagine what I would do if this happened to one of my students. Our students are not allowed contact with other students more than 3 grade levels above them. 

Your letter sounds great. I'm curious as to what your student's parents reaction was to this event. I wish you and your students the best for the rest of the year. "
"They seriously never disappoint. So in love with this song and them! Trenton is amazing! "
There can be only one!
"Learning to program. It always seemed hard and complicated, but once I looked up some tutorials and stuff it wasn't too hard to get the hang of it. "
"&gt; \&lt;A Symphony Of Chair Scraping Noises Ensues\&gt;

You Put That Sound In My Head — Get Out Of My Head!"
the best in being garbage in personality
"You get points for top half of ffa but you only get the win for first I think "
"*yawn*

So which is it, Carnegie Mellon or TAMU? 

How the hell would you know what schools are easier or harder to stay in? You say that like you've been to all of them and objectively know.

You don't."
I absolutely love this video. Thank you for sharing!
I thought that the slippers sounded familiar but I couldn't remember if DEATH had those or not.
"He doesn't need to be a pacifist, he just needs to be somewhere between a pacifist and the perpetual warmongers we have in government now."
"vacate to /r/fireemblemcasual, that place isn't a shithole"
Neat!  I am totally onboard with this.  Big fan of this design.
We absolutely have. Where have you been?
"Maintenance comes with SLA's generally. There's	a cost to downtime"
"Sorry I took it for granted that you enjoyed the sensation of an orgasm... seems that may not be the case? I haven't had a wet dream since I was a teenager (fortunately happened at home not at boarding school, still pretty gross)."
I like how this never really feels consistent but then gets to parts where it's totally consistent.
"this is the most insightful post on all of reddit, +1"
"he didn't say that he was doing 8 hours of bjj a day.  he said 8 hours of bjj, weapons training, driving."
You could try by automatically having half of your paycheck direct deposited into an account that's difficult for you to withdraw from. Then you won't SEE all the money every month and it won't hurt the same way.
"No, I was seriously annoyed by having to deal with him. Absolutely not judging NC for putting him in though. Rather, I find that pretty much every tutorial npc for every MMO ever is generally characterized as condescending, generally treating the player like an idiot child throughout the course of your interactions until the final quest related to that arc wherein the character finally 'proves themself' and the tutorial npc finally shuts up and sits down (or dies, or goes off to do other things, or train other people or whatever). As to my comment on the writing, I've always found it quite understandable that tutorial npcs aren't usually the best written part of any game- they're only there in the first place as an excuse to teach you about game mechanics, so devs rarely go out of their way to make them well written or interesting characters.

I've rarely, if ever found myself sorry to see a tutorial npc go, and Hajoon did nothing to break the trend. I really don't mean to sound vitriolic; I just appreciated knowing I wouldn't have to deal with him again in a future story arc."
"In the TCG, if you want to activate Scepter and Sovereignty and your opponent wants to activate Bottomless, then the Chain is formed Chain Link 1 Scepter, Chain Link 2 Sovereignty (EDIT: or Chain Link 1 Sovereignty, Chain Link 2 Scepter. Your choice), Chain Link 3 Bottomless."
[deleted]
"Yikes, that's tough. Sorry that happened to you. I know it's hard not to take this kind of thing personally...but people can be weird, *both* men and women. Sadly this kind of story (two people talking and getting close for a long time online and then one just disappearing/ceasing contact) is one I've heard many times. We don't know what's going on in his life so it wouldn't be fair to really judge him harshly but...it's still quite disrespectful and inconsiderate to do. 

This is part of the reason I'm not really willing to ever consider long-distance at the start of a relationship. When I was younger, there was someone I got really close to online and talked to for hours every day. It never really worked out, and despite all our intimate talks she ended up realizing her best friend was her soul mate, haha."
"The sense of entitlement is pretty strong in NA. 

&gt;I should be able to do what I want.  Its unfair that reach people can afford to do these things because I deserve them too. As well as a decent computer and smart phone and a car. 

"
"I was doing very similar runs until recently and have restructured WC to try some deeper runs. 


I took essentially all cubes out of the weapons and put them in chance, starting, and number. Increasing them equally by price I got to about 80% complete before I pulled them all out and put the WC into the 3 weapons. With 2.56M WC, I have the launcher at 95%, pistol at 51%, and cannon at 41%. There is an emphasis on clicks per minute for all 3. I also dropped the starting level for runs down to stack times for abilities, to about 150 to take the edge off having to wade through those early levels. 

With that set up my runs are now getting to ~2450 or so before the abilities run out, and the weapons have enough juice to plug along slowly while waiting for the cooldowns. "
http://m.alibaba.com/product/60161563893/Needle-holder-for-vacuum-blood-collection.html
[deleted]
Just the two of us?
Oh my gosh. That was cool!
"I miss Clippy. :( I wish there were a way to enable him in Office 2016, just so I could realize I don't really want him back."
"Yo dawg, lemme caw at you for a minute."
"Hahahahahaha.

Yes Uganda is pretty pathetic.

But all threats must be treated as real threats whether they are from sheep or lions. We demand an apology and reparations of $2 million."
"HoN was basically a 1:1 remake of DOTA too, just with different names for heroes."
"You are just trolling now. You just said that you found Google's inbox organisation tool and photo uploading service innovative, surely they're just refinements going by your logic there?"
I'm poking fun at the narrow set of criteria you've set forth that are specifically designed to lead back to the answer you're already picked out. It's not a very honest approach to understanding the world around you.
"It needs a much better tutorial. It is the single most confusing thing I've ever seen in a video game and I have zero idea what any of the cards do short of going on YouTube and watching a video about it. "
"If you find a large enough org, some have impressive tape robots :) I don't have the space nor the budget for one though."
I forgot the term. I was thinking knock on effect for some reason. But ya vaccination only works well when everyone is vaccinated. It still isn't right to force medication on someone against their will though. You won't ever sway my opinion there. You are a human being with free will. The minute that medicine becomes forced you no longer have the liberty and free will you deserve as a person.
[deleted]
"Are you just being facetious "
Being an elected official.
[deleted]
"[slowpoke.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/UlsmWsD.jpg)  


---
^(*Feedback welcome at /r/image_linker_bot* | )[^(Disable)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=image_linker_bot&amp;subject=Ignore%20request&amp;message=ignore%20me)^( with ""ignore me"" via reply or PM)
"
I didn't need a long ass post to know that.
What. The. Fuck.
"As if the people at coffee shops weren't hipster enough. Now they get to add ""Zarf"" to their vocab."
"That's nor lighthearted. That's something you say to start something "
"You're dead-set in refusing to understand the difference between an *absence* of belief and a *difference* of belief, aren't you?"
"2 for 1, 2 possession game, this is ours to lose!"
That's racist. /s
Are you on about her boobs cos they're still completely natural. They've just changed naturally now she's had a child.
"Sedition??  LOL Great Idea - bring on a show trial I love watching defense attorneys tear apart the prosecutions case followed by a good not guilty verdict!!! "
"Ok, that's fine"
"""Shredded waves. Shredded."""
"Mixwell plays for gBots. If you have proof of him cheating, I am pretty sure they will love to check it."
"The phone password thing was strange. They claimed it was a combination of Theresa's sisters' birthdates. That's kind of specific, and there are obviously many different ways you could arrange that info into a password. To just guess it seems unlikely."
and still there are more spiders in australia than in the rainforest
"

&gt;That's roughly 150 kills per game/hour then. It's sad when Top 1% of MAA drivers can do double the kills of the top 1% of a jet pilot. Especially when MAAs can go on kill-streaks without ANYONE there able to stop him, even if they're better than him.

Lol tell me about it.

I've got 27000 stealth jet kills and 400+ hours in them. In comparison I have 26 hours in the anti-air and 2200 kills, and had no trouble pumping 48-0 out. The stars need to align to even come close to that in the stealth. 

It's sad. "
"Both looked at you with a slightly confused expression before Tsuji finally answered for the both of them.

""We're both first years I think. I know I'm to be in class 1-4 I think."""
"Have a good day today people. "
"Number one reason for me is lack of cheaters. Right now everyone playing Rainbow 6 on PC is having to deal with wall hacks and aimbots as well as the shitty matchmaking.

Reason number two is that consoles are a level playing field, no one has an advantage because their machine is better.

It's all around a much better environment for competitive gaming.  "
"What time zone are you? I'd be willing to lab with you today cuz I have the whole day free. "
"Yep Jan 9th is the PS4 tourney. War, Poshy, and Geb. BSK will be Lumi, Anbuj, and probably OTF. iAM will be SirD, Triple, and a 3rd tba. Dunno abt 13 Devils after last weekend. Im sure Primal will be playing as well."
"I think you're gorgeous :) "
total shit
It's really easy to use for anybody that's smart enough to operate on a dnm safely.  Problem comes into play when your dealing with people that don't encrypt their address and use tor on windows 10.
"Lol...

http://www.slate.com/articles/business/billion_to_one/2013/10/sweden_s_billionaires_they_have_more_per_capita_than_the_united_states.html

http://static2.businessinsider.com/image/543d4a21ecad043d0d8e962b-1200-800/the%20wealth%20share.png

http://www.businessinsider.com/why-socialist-scandinavia-has-some-of-the-highest-inequality-in-europe-2014-10


http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2014-06-12/piketty-warns-scandinavia-of-growing-threat-of-income-inequality



"
[removed]
Masturbate
"It's an amazing buy right now. Pre-market is around 102.85 (then again, everything else is down as well).

If it's one thing you can always rely on, it's the instability of other investors to present you with great deals."
"When is Obama going to send in the military to massacre these citizens? 

Go ahead,  Barack,  take their guns. Mass murder Americans "
that doesnt make any sense
"Ha, I can be extremely charming and cute first impression, but its the few weeks that follow that I mess everything up, it sucks.  "
I think I found Michael Scott's account.
"Because it includes the headline of /The Times/ from the day that the block was posted.  he could at most have had a few hours of pre-mining done.

But that is a good question.  What if, a few months later, he  posted a long premined chain that did NOT start with that genesis block, but at with different one (created two years earlier)?  To guard against that possibility, the client software must have the hash of the ""true"" genesis block programmed into it, and it must reject any chain that does not start with that block, even if has more work."
"Denmark has no choice, with the hand that Sweden has delt us"
You're crazy gorgeous. I could look at you all damn day.
Reddit is becoming facebook.
"Honestly, if you just say ""GOLDEN GUN"" you are hurting the team. Everyone freaks out (including people who are nowhere around him) and people need to wait for you to give a location before they can relay info themselves.

You don't need to learn Callouts for something like that--- Control is an objective based game. If the super isn't on a point, say where they are heading. ""Golden Gun heading to B!"" Or ""Hammer between B and C!"" What you care about is what objective they are attacking. Also, when you kill him, say it, so people can refocus."
"I remember when I was at Glastonbury festival watching 'The Infinite Monkey Cage' (a podcast with Prof. Brian Cox) one of their guests was folk singer Billy Bragg, he said that Science was a belief system and that ""we have faith in black holes"" - I shouted ""BOLLOCKS!"" at him - I was very happy when I heard myself when it was broadcast on Radio 4. "
"Oh, oh, can I be that guy? Please?

Anyway, I just got the Olympus 60mm/f2.8 Macro a few days ago and the 12-40mm/f2.8 late last year (my cup runneth over). It's pretty early and there's nobody else around, so...

[12-40mm at 40mm/f5.6, minimum focusing distance](http://imgur.com/injhmhZ)

vs

[60mm Macro at f5.6, minimum focusing distance](http://imgur.com/nV2zEBU)

And if you're curious, [the subject, for scale](http://imgur.com/HnZbuv2)

The 12-40mm is very good at near subjects, but it's not close (heh heh) to a proper macro lens for serious detail work.

edit: These are uncropped jpegs right off the SD card, no post applied. The camera was on a small tripod for the shots, and moved as necessary to get as close to the subject as each lens would allow."
"Yes but the strength doesn't scale accordingly. The frame technically gets weaker/less rigid the bigger it gets. Should be fine for 6"" or even 7"" rigs, but I wouldn't make a 10"" rig with these parts."
"Dr. Curtis ""Handsome"" Rob"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8X_Ot0k4XJc
"This helped me so much. The kid thats bullied me for years calling me names? Don't give a shit, I don't care about them. Some stranger telling me they don't like my lifestyle? Couldn't care less. My friend telling me they don't like my sense of humor? I care, tone it down a little around them."
"You should read wikipedia article about ISBN. But in short even if you use old 10 digit ISBN you are creating valid one by assigning last digit to fullfill that requirement. So it is really 9 random but possible unique digits and last one is check digit. And when check digit is 10 it is printed as X. So the code for always valid but of course not always unique ISBN is:

    import random

    digits = [str(random.randint(0,9)) for i in range(9)]
    last = int("""".join(digits)) % 11
    if last == 10:
        digits.append(""X"")
    else:
        digits.append(str(last))
    print(""Generated new ISBN number {}"".format("""".join(digits)))"
"Yeah Fire Emblem Sacred Stones is probably where to go next.  It's really easy to get a GBA emulator on your phone, and play it on that!"
"&gt; They might not have been willing to take that risk &amp; it surely would pose a risk.

Perhaps - and to be fair, there is always a risk putting your client on the stand to testify in their own defense.  Given Brendan's IQ issues, I'd be concerned.  However, I think that he *had* to testify - and once you knew that he was going to, I would have put in the whole video.  It shows that Brendan was basically admitting to a false confession from the get-go.  Perhaps if his attorneys had the jail phone recordings, they'd realize that Brendan had stated, repeatedly, that the confession was false and that he had only told that to the police to make them happy.

While I haven't had a chance yet to view the entirety of the trial transcripts, I feel as if his attorneys didn't make a strong enough argument that Brendan was compromised and that the confession was just him placating the police."
"Pot, this is kettle....."
"Probably as many as women's internationals.

Asia has a shit ton of regional competitions."
HE ENDED UP WITH MORE MONEY THAN EXPECTED.
[removed]
You can't just declare bankruptcy!
"Yeah, I'm definitely doing super important Institute science.

DON'T LOOK OVER MY SHOULDER! It's...classified..."
Smartalec likes jews
"[**@IndiaSpend**](https://twitter.com/IndiaSpend):
&gt;[2016-01-04 05:30:21 UTC](https://twitter.com/IndiaSpend/status/683883142416068608)

&gt;Half of all children aged 5 or lower in UP, Jharkhand &amp;amp; Bihar are stunted. We report [*indiaspend.com*](http://www.indiaspend.com/cover-story/child-health-spending-soars-but-40-million-indian-children-stunted-47499?utm_content=buffer1603f&amp;utm_medium=social&amp;utm_source=twitter.com&amp;utm_campaign=buffer) [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CX2kGDOWYAEYeUQ.png) [^[Imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/GnXaDwT.png)

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3zev26%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)
"
"And it's not important. It's just music. I just see it like clothes. If you have access to a whole factory worth of clothes then cool I'm not going to hold it against you but I'm also not going to really understand your style since you have a million choices to choose from at any given time. Whereas me looking through your own personal  closet  gives me a better idea of your sense of style. But neither are really important. I'm just saying it was kind of cool looking at CD collections back in the day because they personally procured those items one by one instead of simply downloading an entire discography within minutes, which showed how much of a fan you were."
"### **[Unbranded (2015)](http://www.imdb.com/Title?Unbranded+%282015%29)**

Documentary [[USA:PG-13](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motion_Picture_Association_of_America_film_rating_system#Ratings), 1 h 46 min]  
Jonny Fitzsimons, Thomas Glover, Ben Thamer  
Director: Phillip Baribeau

**IMDb rating:** [](#movieguide_stars)**&amp;#9733;&amp;#9733;&amp;#9733;&amp;#9733;&amp;#9733;&amp;#9733;&amp;#9733;&amp;#9733;&amp;#9733;&amp;#9734;** **8.9**/10 (99 votes)

&gt; Sixteen mustangs, four men, one dream\: to ride border to border, Mexico to Canada, up the spine of the American West. The documentary tracks four fresh-out-of-college buddies as they take on wild mustangs to be their trusted mounts, and set out on the adventure of a lifetime. Their wildness of spirit, in both man and horse, is quickly dwarfed by the wilderness they must navigate\: a 3000-mile gauntlet that is equally indescribable and unforgiving.
(*IMDb*)

More info at [IMDb](http://www.imdb.com/Title?Unbranded+%282015%29).  
*I am a bot.* [Send me feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FMovieGuide&amp;subject=Re%3A%20http%3A%2F%2Fredd.it%2F3zev1s ""Confidence: 0.97""). [Data sources and other information](/r/MovieGuide/w/about).
"
"That is the game I was thinking of, thank you!"
"Well like i said, you can play other classes and leave the 40g quest behind.

Also like i said i DO the 40g quest when i have 3 quests already so i don't waste one, i just like to save the 40 g quest for a potential reroll into a 50 or 60 one.

I don't need gold right now i'm sitting on 2K waiting for the next expac.

not sure why your comment suddenly came back in my inbox, it doesn't look like it got edited"
"Well it seems the conversation has hit a loop, no real point in continuing it now. I could repeat the same points over and hope you understand them but our views are fundamentally different, I assume you feel the same

I will add something before i go though

&gt;No it's not. Bernie's plan is fantasy economics, and it just uses the old number as if costs don't change. This is a huge reason why his plan isn't realistic.

they aren't old numbers, they are actually the most recent ones available (released during the past few months)"
"T2 in modern if you cast a 1 Phyrexian mana spell for 2 life. Like [[Gitaxian Probe]] into this card's surge cost.

Alternatively play [[Surgical Extraction]] if it is in your list with a legal target."
"Are you close enough to cycle? I cycle to work now and did in London and it saved me loads of money in the end. "
Buy California EVOO
"Plot twist, he is gallowboob!"
I can be online from 7-10pm gmt+1. Let me know what suits you best
"Thanks! It might be a consistency thing, I'm not sure.  Regardless, I did not do the alters: they were done by /u/Feline_o1.  I'm just happy with the work: Feline's style is Feline's style :)"
Fuck this guy for liking something!!!
"So are you for or against gun ownership, including semi-auto?"
Where do I watch?
"The bus to my neighborhood in my city only runs on weekdays, but if I'm downtown on the weekend I take a bus a few miles out of the city center (where the price surges are) and uber or lyft from there. Saves me a bundle."
"In order to construct a valid argument, your conclusion needs to follow from your suppositions. ""If p then q."" 

For you, 'p' is the supposition that ""governments should aim to keep us safe and reduce suffering."" q, when logically restated, is something like 'then government should intervene [whatever it is that is supposed to entail] in the reproductive affairs of others if the child has a high risk of suffering and utilizes resources that could be used elsewhere. 

The problem is, q does not follow from p. 

Given your initial supposition that 'government should reduce suffering', how then can you contend that notion with the fact that intervening in the affairs of reproductive health is a very acute and distinct form of government-imposed suffering upon an individual. 

Your argument is invalid. "
"I was in a Stopwatch the other day, where my team finished the first half in about 5-6 minutes. Then a person or two on their team left and they were complaining about having fewer players for the 2nd half, so I said, 'Screw it.' and joined their team.

I was immediately sorry because I was greeted with loud people yelling at each other over voice comms, no teamwork and just general complaining about how terrible everyone on the team was and unbalanced the teams were instead of trying to actually complete the objective.

I also was in another match where there were lower level players (levels 5-8) completely ignoring the idea of defending the EV, opting instead to camp alleyways halfway across the map. Even as lower level players, if they had actually listened to instruction and defended the objective, we could have held off the other team. In the second objective they played similarly, completely ignoring the idea of defending the objectives and just running around like drunken toddlers.

Sometimes there is a reason more than just player levels that games are unbalanced, as even a rank 1 player could be useful in the game if they actually worked with the rest of the team. No matter the team balancing Splash Damage tries to implement, they cannot account for player stupidity, and better players joining the team in need of help may just end up with them pulling their hair out in frustration being forced to deal with the reasons that team was losing."
Costco usually has it if you have a membership/can get to one.
"^this. I watched the fountain expecting some sort of cerebral scifi movie and ended up having ALL the feels wrenched outta me. At that point I had just been through my own cancer nightmare: witnessing all the fear, frustration, unconditional love and appreciation of life from a sort of third-person perspective in this film was fucking powerful. 

Seriously, it broke me emotionally for a solid week. And not one other person I know has seen it, or would likely appreciate it the same way I did. 

I would not only shake the hand of Jackman and Aronofsky (those gorgeous macrophotography-based effects hngg), but also Clint Mansell, because the soundtrack goes hand and hand with the powerful emotional performance of the actors."
"Well on his way in the maths, kudos on understanding of exponents."
That quest has been removed since Cataclysm.
"I'm from NY, we all used our own cars for the test"
[deleted]
"The diversification of the menu is not a new tactic, it's been going on for many years, and it's not likely to working very well for them because it confuses the brand identity, complicates choice, slows down service, elevates prices, ensures ongoing extra wage costs training a high turnover staff in complicated menus/preparation, etc.

I mean maybe they will turn it around, but most retail experts don't see a major return happening any time soon."
That's a really intricate scale..
might by why Native People don't like white people.  Nothing to do with humor- it has to do with treating people like shit.
[deleted]
I want a Phubuntu sooo bad. Where can I get one?
"Weird as it seems some people still Pratice. A buddy of mine ask permision to even date the girl. And they are not even religious. "
"I thought the production was one of the weakest parts. 2 good beats on the album, and one of those songs is like 45 seconds long IIRC."
"I think he's noting that he doesn't care why they're choosing to, and is instead focusing on what they'd achieve if they got their goals.

I know *why* they want what they want and do what they do... they're still religious and cultural nutters from external standpoints.  Opposition to tech/communication/transportation development (they were sourced for one of the largest PRT systems in the world, at one point, but actively refused, largely because of religion/social forms (because it would've benefited their ecology, but they built propaganda against it anyway... yay scientific ignorance!)) does them very few favors.  I think that's what he's on about.

Have you seen their schooling?  It's a horrendous pile of victim-pull and xenophobic sentiments... "
[deleted]
yup
"I've been watching this too. It's a pretty cool view on everything with their unique situation. A few weird off topic areas in the show, but overall it totally captured the feel of those Colorado ski towns and the cannabis culture that I felt when I visited. This show is what I watch now to get that ""Colorado feeling"" while I'm back home in the east :/"
"Traitor detracts from the game, doesn't add to it.  If there turns out to not be a traitor you tend to breeze through.  If on the other hand there are traitors it can be a good game or it can end up being a no real chance of winning.  Overall it's a frustrating game where you will often end up being very unsatisfied with a game you had no chance of winning, but it will occasionally give you a good game by chance."
"Thats all good man, my hold ends in 3 days so if you haven't found a trade by then, Im available!"
"[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/AsianCuties/comments/3zevr7/bangkok_international_auto_salon_2015/) by /u/petgeo in /r/AsianCuties "
"Parasites are actually some kind of Early prototype Foxdie, foxdie was even based on them..."
"
# *STREAM MOVIE ""Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy 2004""  trailer vumoo yify HDTS Dub AVI XViD*

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description movie **Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy 2004**:

&gt;  Ron Burgundy is San Diego's top rated newsman in the male-dominated broadcasting of the '70s, but that's all about to change for Ron and his cronies when an ambitious woman is hired as a new anchor.

&gt; .


***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy 2004***](https://linkesloder.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Anchorman%20The%20Legend%20of%20Ron%20Burgundy%202004)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy 2004***](https://linkesloder.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Anchorman%20The%20Legend%20of%20Ron%20Burgundy%202004)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy 2004***](https://linkesloder.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Anchorman%20The%20Legend%20of%20Ron%20Burgundy%202004)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy 2004***](https://linkesloder.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Anchorman%20The%20Legend%20of%20Ron%20Burgundy%202004)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy 2004***](https://linkesloder.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Anchorman%20The%20Legend%20of%20Ron%20Burgundy%202004)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy 2004***](https://linkesloder.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Anchorman%20The%20Legend%20of%20Ron%20Burgundy%202004)
***

&gt; . 

&gt; .anchorman 
the 
legend 
of 
ron 
burgundy 
2004 
hindi 
dubbed 
movie 
watch 
online
anchorman 
the 
legend 
of 
ron 
burgundy 
(2004) 
online
anchorman 
the 
legend 
of 
ron 
burgundy 
2004 
english 
subtitles
anchorman 
the 
legend 
of 
ron 
burgundy 
2004 
bluray 
720p 
x264 
mysilu
anchorman 
the 
legend 
of 
ron 
burgundy 
(2004) 
full 
movie
anchorman 
the 
legend 
of 
ron 
burgundy 
(2004) 
watch 
online
With 
the 
70's 
behind 
him 
San 
Diego's 
top 
rated 
newsman 
Ron 
Burgundy 
(Will 
Ferrell) 
returns 
to 
the 
news 
desk 
in 
""Anchorman 
2: 
The 
Legend 
Continues."" 
Also 
back 
for
anchorman 
the 
legend 
of 
ron 
burgundy 
(2004) 
subtitles
anchorman 
the 
legend 
of 
ron 
burgundy 
(2004) 
trailer
anchorman 
the 
legend 
of 
ron 
burgundy 
2004
anchorman: 
the 
legend 
of 
ron 
burgundy 
2004 
yukon
anchorman: 
the 
legend 
of 
ron 
burgundy 
2004 
hyundai
anchorman.the.legend.of.ron.burgundy.2004.bluray 
english 
subtitles
Anchorman 
2: 
The 
Legend 
Continues 
(2013) 
- 
Rotten 
Tomatoes
anchorman: 
the 
legend 
of 
ron 
burgundy 
2004 
chevy
anchorman: 
the 
legend 
of 
ron 
burgundy 
2004 
ford

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .[DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Men.. in.. Black.. 1997"".. .. 1280p.. torrent.. putlocker.. tablet.. streaming.. rarBG.. viooz.. kickass](https://www.reddit.com/3zevfu),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Spider-Man.. 2.. 2004"".. .. sumotorrent.. link.. to.. view.. trailer.. direct.. link.. AVI.. HDRip](https://www.reddit.com/3zev65),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Memento.. 2000"".. .. movie25.. Tubeplus.. AVI.. thepiratebay.. XViD.. 720p.. 720p.. streaming](https://www.reddit.com/3zeuyj),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""X-Men.. Origins:.. Wolverine.. 2009"".. .. x264.. viooz.. solarmovie.. yts.. without.. registering.. extratorrent.. full](https://www.reddit.com/3zeuvl),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Twilight.. 2008"".. .. how.. watch.. online.. free.. PC.. watch.. 1080p.. trailer.. FilmClub.. in.. hindi](https://www.reddit.com/3zev1d),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Cast.. Away.. 2000"".. .. 1080p.. x264.. torrent.. mac.. how.. watch.. online.. yify.. film](https://www.reddit.com/3zeuyh),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Life.. of.. Pi.. 2012"".. .. sumotorrent.. android.. imdb.. HQ.. kickass.. now.. 720p](https://www.reddit.com/3zevgt),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""FaceOff.. 1997"".. .. youtube.. AVI.. 1280p.. high.. definition.. thepiratebay.. MP4.. HQ](https://www.reddit.com/3zev2t),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Toy.. Story.. 3.. 2010"".. .. ac3.. high.. quality.. iOS.. how.. download.. FLV.. MOV.. android.. no.. registration](https://www.reddit.com/3zev9d),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Simpsons.. Movie.. 2007"".. .. dailymotion.. without.. signing.. HDRip.. 1080p.. Dub.. HDTS.. link.. to.. view](https://www.reddit.com/3zevdv)"
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/syriancivilwar) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"There's a similar cluster in Cambridgeshire in the UK known as Silicon Fen. Companies like ARM (who designed the chip your phone is using) are based out of there.

Or if you wanted a different market sector, the majority of major US plant machinery companies are in and around Illinois (Caterpillar in Peoria, John Deere in Moline, Case in Racine, WI, CedarRapids Paving in Cedar Rapids, IA, Terex in Fort Wayne, IN.). It's a larger cluster, but they're all revolving around Chicago, with little to speak of (for instance) in Arkansas, California or Alabama. Engineers or skilled tradesmen moving between companies wouldn't have very far to move - at most to the neighbouring state."
"Doesn't work second time! "
"For Science victory, what should I be doing from the Renaissance era up until I can build spaceship parts? I feel like this is the time period where everyone else is making huge advances and expanding their military while I'm just struggling to keep happiness up.

Also, I don't really know what to do with my excess gold when I'm going for Science."
"&gt; I don't know where you got Etatism from but the other two are what makes Europe into Europe

That's why these far-right loons are the biggest danger to Europe as a whole, they are against the values of Europe. "
I can only invite you to our little Skype social anxiety chat group if you are interested. We are 4 so far
"The human body is not a bomb calorimeter. "
Can you tell us more about the work at a casino? Why that was so horrible?
The 3 stand ins for VI could be good
"I offer my Mr. Foster Dosh skin for this.
Edit: I noticed its gone already. Ill leave the offer for others here."
[deleted]
"You look like mclovin if he used a fake ID to get out of auschwitz "
Literally had a buddy (new to Wow) try and kill all the boars to level up.  He was so confused when it didn't work.
"I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/subredditdrama] [Outrage in \/r\/cricket after player asks out female reporter during live interview](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/3zevmr/outrage_in_rcricket_after_player_asks_out_female/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)"
"It seems like it was trying to be deep though. "
[Shit like this is indeed creepy.](http://imgur.com/BEfT7bA)
Is it worth it?
"Stats of this post when RedditFox issued the indication:

* rank: #447
* score: 33
* comments: 3

Stats since then:

* best rank: #9
* max score: 5611
* max comments: 1039


Rank development chart:


`   1|                   ▆▆▆▆▆▆▆▆▆▆▆▆▆▆▆▆▆▅▆▅▅▅▅▅▅▅▄▅▅                                                                       `  
`    |             ▁▂▃▅▆▆█████████████████████████████▇▇▇▇▇▆▅▅▅▄▃▃▃▃▁▁                                                       `  
`    |          ▁▃▇██████████████████████████████████████████████████████▇▇▆▄▂                                               `  
`    |        ▃▇████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████▇█▇▆▆▆▆▄▄▃▃▃▂▂▂▄▄▃▃▃▃▃▃▂▂▂▃▂▃▃▃▂        ▁▁▁▁ `  
`    |       ▅███████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████▇██▇▇███████`  
`    |      ▄████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |     ▁█████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |     ██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |    ▄██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |   ▂███████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |  ▂████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |  █████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
` 500|  █████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |  █████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    | ▃█████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    | ██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    | ██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    | ██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    | ██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    | ██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    | ██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    | ██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    | ██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`    |▇██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████`  
`1000|▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔`
`     0h                  4h                  8h                  12h                 16h                 20h`  


This chart was last updated was on 01/05/2016 at 08:21AM EST


"
/r/thomasthedankengine
"Maybe you can do something to kick start it up again! "
"I don't have an enchanter on that realm and I know a lot of people don't have enchanter so I prefer to just sell greens. Also selling greens gives an exact gold amount that won't change depending on your realm, so it gives a minimum profit instead of a 'potential maximum profit' :P"
"Resolved sure. Just got disconnected and banned.
gg wp"
"There are literally millions of people just like you. Stop telling yourself it's some kind of rare defect.. That thinking comes from watching porn, and from low self esteem. 

You can't change it. It's not worth lamenting for another second. There are guys with micro penises (less than 1cm). Imagine that! You're healthy, and fully able to have children, and fully able to satisfy a woman. Stop feeling sorry for yourself and stop making this define your life. It's immature. 

Just own it. So what, you're in the small side of normal...... It's no different than being 5'7 as a man. I have a friend who is consumed by his height. He's 5'6 and a physical specimen (athletic, incredibly strong)... Doesn't matter. Small man syndrome is like a cancer. I haven't talked to him in 8 years, but I hear stories that make me shake my head. You're like him. You're fully capable of being desirable and successful, but you let this physical characteristic define you and consume you.

Get over it! Stop using this as a crutch and an excuse to fail! Be okay with it. There are MANY women in this world that wouldn't have a problem with it. You might exclude yourself from 50% of women who prefer a larger size... But so what? Everyone has preferences. Maybe another guy has red hair and 60% of women don't like red heads.. Is he going to go into the fetal position and give up on life? You just need 1 person to share life with. "
And here I was trying to come up with something pleasant for your autism
"Not at work, but I always leave a pen in the attendance sheet and came back for it at the end of the class."
"&gt; Polite to women

What?"
[deleted]
I feel saddened as well. I've heard how passionately he spoke about our state. Hard to think that he reached a point that came to this.
"Assad is a scumbag, I don't support him at all. I would like to see the fucker dragged to the Hague by his pubes and tried for war crimes. 

But the unholy Mafiosi that run Saudi don't give a flying fuck about their own saudi shi'ite citizens, they lobbied to remove Saddam creating a power void and massive amounts of destruction to the region which led to the creation of Al Qaeda in Iraq.
They have been ridiculously active trying to push Assad out creating a huge amount of destruction along the way. The gang of Sauds are unnecessarily dragging the region into a cold war. Their strategy is completely irresponsible. "
"Immortal Technique.

If you can be satisfied with regular hip-hop, you can't go wrong with Kendrick Lamar.  He eschews a lot of the materialistic bullshit you see these days.  Plus he's just so goddamn good!"
I'd prefer a #10
"If your criteria is to analyze them through gray and black colored glasses while banging out crack rocks then yeah..., but if you have a brain, then well, you probably wouldn't understand"
"I got it just because I had no choice but to get it. It is really small compared to my hands, palming looks I am holding a golfball in my hand and clawing cause occasional cramps in the joints of my fingers."
MR. ST-PIERRE YOU SHOULD USE YOUR GROIN AS A WEAPON
"I just switched from Browns to reds and oh man do they feel great. "
"Hahahaha. 

I didn't realize I could do any of that. Where I'm from those are things that get you fired and put in prison. 

And what kind of crack are you smoking. Erratic driving is a way bigger red flag for me than someone flicking a butt. 

I don't lock anyone up for a lack of peppers. 

Lack of papers however can make it so we have to take you to be fingerprinted so we can find out who you are."
"Those guys must be a real joy

And more expensive."
"I won't ask you to time-stamp when that happened if you don't want to, but if you wouldn't mind, could you tell me roughly when that happens in the podcast?

EDIT: It was posted elsewhere on the subreddit. "
"I was there, it was definitely a joke. Other parts of the rally were not, but that was definitely a joke"
"You don't really risk being ""trafficked"" without your own participation outside places where state order has collapsed and people can be easily kidnapped. In most cases ""trafficked"" persons lend themselves to being ""trafficked"" in hopes of a better life. No lure (of a better life), no participation, no ""human traffic.""

The girl in question should really be brought out of her delusion so that she doesn't go on this trip but if that fails having one or more sane persons with her can hopefully prevent her from following the delusion into that kind of situation."
"yeah, i disagree as well.

He was getting caught no matter what.  Glad he made the effort to cover up the ball with 2 hands."
"21ft can be closed in an unbelievable amount of time. How about you have your gun drawn with a guy w/ a knife 21ft in front of you. Can you pull out your taser or ""aim for their legs""? "
"I got a No Jive for Xmas too! It was a present to myself though haha, and I got it used off the BST. It's so sick. Honestly I haven't had this much fun yoyoing since I got my first Yomega Fireball in 5th grade."
Asakura's art on EE looks amazing. The WW legend art looks a little too plain for legend..Anyone know her skills or are they not published yet?
"The slow-mo makes this so much funnier. "
Actually happy hour multiplies after voucher + double xp bonus
"Not sure how asking someone about a false rumor is rude.

It would be one thing if the rumor itself was rude, like if it was about something personal. But in this case it's about his creative work."
"A lot of the really high end stuff is for people who are into specific designers. I wouldn't recommend getting into anything like that to begin with and most people don't get into that kind of fashion at all. At your size you probably wouldn't be able to find much high end designer stuff anyway as they usually market more towards super skinny guys. "
"Daww, I hope they learn to love and appreciate it too x3"
"ah, thanks. I thought it was an in-game option. I'll check it out when I get home!"
"clock speed on GPUs potentially matter less than clock speed on CPUs when comparing different modells. So higher doesn't equal better. 

MUCH better to look at other things for comparison."
Strive to win all the awards :D
"It's the eventual fate of all Pearl's. "
★ Drill Bit | Fade (Factory New) Price : 200$
Is there any legal consequence for the company he originally gave the number to? Assuming there wasn't a clause he consented to that allowed giving it away.
"So far the worst thing, which the law knows about, is wasting the fire departments time.  So keep having bbqs and let him incriminate himself."
"Wrong, wrong, and wrong.

He's posting the highest TS% of his career right now, which will always trail Curry because Curry's the better 3pt shooter and TS loves 3pt shooting. But he's getting to the line 7.6 times per game. And he's got a better TS than Blake Griffin, Kyle Korver, and Chris Paul.

As far as decisions, he's carrying a 2.19 AST/TO, which is well above Curry, Jimmy Butler, and LeBron Freakin' James.

Plus he carries a far higher offensive load than Kawhi, who benefits from the Spurs system (I'm not saying he's a bad player—he's top 10 in the NBA, but he does get better shots). Kawhi has 10% less usage than Russ, who's 2nd in the league (Bron is 4th and Curry right behind him if you want to say it's because Russ is ball hogging)

Curry I'll give you being the closest, but though he's better on defense he's not as good as Russ on that end (advanced stats back me up on that one this year IIRC), and Russ has a more well-rounded game.

He also plays .6 minutes more game than Curry and 1.4 more than Kawhi. Hardly ""much fewer minutes""."
"It depends also on how soon the game replaces the leaver/AFK player with a bot.

I get so frustrated I just want to concede every time I start a QM when one of my allies is AFK and I get stuck waiting 3 minutes for a bot to take over. I can't remember a single QM I've ever won where this happened."
"""Your drinking habits are unlike the average from any country"" :/

"
"I think some of the new posters have really turned this place around. It's hilarious watching the old guard tilt at windmills and rage because their old home has passed them by. Move on already, fellas. The weeping, lamentations and gnashing of the teeth is pathetic."
I only know What's Up People and Zetsubou Billy because of Death Note but I love them songs.
"I don't think he mentioned Welbeck at all, but he said Alexis was still a few days away and would probably be short for Liverpool."
[deleted]
For a Pearl
701528
[deleted]
"I totally agree with you, I just wish Valve was actually consistent in these situations. It seems unfair mainly because of people who have done it in the past, admitted too it, and still play professionally while the iBP boys were crucified as an example to the community and pros. From my perspective it almost seems as if Valve only stepped in because this particular case had so much attention with the RL article etc. (I am referring to the Dota players who were allowed to continue playing after one year of match fixing). "
"Interesting. Thanks for the answer it was a genuine question. Between my wife and I over the years we have had two Fords, a Toyota, and a Honda and they all just came with the holder and I don't remember ever paying anything extra. I know on her Ford Fusion the window sticker had something about a front plate bracket on it."
Not only that but she's about to break her face.
"I disagree, but I'm leaving this reply to remind myself to give my answer sometime later. Sorry man, catch you later. Gotta work today. 

"
"You are right, i forgot about the Corporation part of Bundesliga. I wouldnt want to be the RB Lipzig of Bundesliga...I will rethink "
"Let me click on this and see how many ""wood"" jokes. Not disappointed. "
"I don't think that's going to help the OP's brother, though. From her description he sounds like the sort of person who disregards anything that challenges his faith."
"Cats give zero shits, and are almost impossible to train. I did that to my parents dog though, and she'd jump on the couch, dislike the tinfoil and jump off, but she did it every time she entered to room, so it didn't train her. It only kept her off while it was there.
"
*Although that does look very tasty...*
"Awesome to hear. I'll be placing my order despite my ""no more purchases"" promise to the Mrs. 

Is there an option to have you not include an invoice and label the box as ""office supplies""? Haha"
I feel like one of the chosen for hearing it before its deletion.
"It's pretty fun man. I'm in my 20's and there's a few other people my age around here who play. If you decide you'd want to start up again, you can always buy the structure decks out right now, or join/lurk the /r/yugioh subreddit to get a feel for what's changed in the game."
Glorious numpad master race!
[deleted]
"The guy clearly just wanted to fulfill his fantasy that he thinks about while on those message boards wanking into his old uniform socks hoping for a day where the ""turrorists"" invade. He had no reason to shoot him. "
It covers much of west Austin and most of Downtown too
"I agree. It bewilders me that u/materhern would just want to give guys a free pass because ""he wants to remember them how he remembers them now"".
    
I think both Derek Jeter &amp; Peyton Manning took HGH after 2007.  If you follow the money trail, it all ties together.
    
Simply put, within sports or society, if evidence presents itself that allows someone to be brought to trial to answer for crimes, they always should be. Always.
    
My best advice is to judge each case on an individual basis.  For example, Ken Griffey Jr. has had whispers of steroid use, but there is nary a shred of hard evidence against him. Just ""a feeling"", and nobody is going to attack someone in a court room over a feeling.  There HAS to be evidence.
    
In Jeter's case, he attended a workout camp in 2010 with the same guy that is linked to Manning.  Jeter went wild statistically in 2012, and might have cemented himself in the Hall of Fame with that season (Arguable).  That's the current evidence against Jeter, and it's not bad and I bet it only gets deeper as times goes on."
If you want the chords in front of you then the video i use wont help. But i prefer the sound of [this one](https://youtu.be/5aPzit3M5xo)
And gay!
"This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark (""?"") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"This is fantastic thank you "
"I think they could've possibly changed the formula recently to allow for double golden commons.

I think we need more data on what's been affected. Someone did some preliminary results with gold being the same with higher golden card drop rate and a 15% extra pack drop rate. But it was only a sample size of 50.

Anyways great work at breaking down the percentages."
CIG has stated probably 1000 times that they aren't happy with the holotable and will be revamping it.
"The evidence before the court is

Incontrovertible, there's no need for

The jury to retire.

In all my years of judging

I have never heard before

Of someone more deserving

Of the full penalty of law.

The way you made them suffer,

Your exquisite wife and mother,

Fills me with the urge to defecate"
"Yeah, The Last Word is pretty disgusting...I seem to almost always get 3 shot killed by it in PvP...

The Hawkmoon still works for me though. A lot of my friends said it sucks now, and not to use it because of it's nerf, but I think it just takes some getting used to. I've noticed it misses shots a lot now. The key for me to get passed that is to just shoot slower.

It still does it's job nicely most of the time."
I had the feeling she was in fact sorry for herself..that I'd  called her behaviour into question. I just know that if my child told me I had hurt them I'd move heaven and earth to put it right.  Needless to say my mum left (for an appointment) and I've heard nothing since...we haven't fallen out but it remains unresolved.
"A war is coming.

A war between dem boobs and dat ass."
"ok thanks, good point. Cheers!"
"Might Gai &amp; Lee take R1,2,3 due to having more quantifiable feats than either Yoruichi and Yushiro."
"Hi all, I post mainly 35mm [stuff](https://www.instagram.com/anarchic_bear/)"
Thank you for this guide! I'm new to the game and things like this really help and encourage me to start playing the game.
"Correct!  I wasn't suggesting anything fraudulent.  Anyone is free to gift money to someone else.  If OP's expenses are shared between him and his parents, it could be helpful (financially and relationally) to also split the tax benefits.  This is completely separate from filing taxes or determining who has to right to claim OP.

It would indeed be an act of generosity, not obligatory.  Maybe saying the dependent ""should"" expect to split the difference is a bit strong, but I also don't think it's unreasonable if the parents are covering 60% to OP's 40%.   The reverse could easily be true as well; if OP is paying for his own school at a 4-year university, those expenses along with rent and other expenses he covers could easily see him paying more.  I guess my comment was more in the vein of ""if your parents are unhappy to find out that they shouldn't be claiming you anymore, maybe you could smooth things over this way."""
"&gt;  I don't really feel neglected?

It is pretty normal. We all get used to the circumstances we live in. However, in this country, the standard of living of just about everyone is higher than what you are experiencing. Other people in your parents' shoes do a much better job. That is why it is neglect. "
"This is the dude that does a lot of Sleep's art. I couldnt find it on there though. I was trying to get prints of the outside and inside of dopesmoker. It's harder to find their prints than I thought.

http://www.arikroper.com/art/illustration/ "
Made videos of him sticking permanent markers up his butt. I don't want to know how someone found the videos butt yeah
OW ban.
"Never heard Bernie stick up for Lessig like this. "
"Since my [last computer](https://www.reddit.com/r/starbound/comments/3cxw0m/functioning_starbound_8bit_computer/) ran miserably slowly, I decided to start fresh with a stack-based machine.  This is just the RAM unit, already it has a major advantage in that it outputs an entire byte at a time, rather than one bit at a time.  That *theoretically* translates to a machine that runs eight times faster.

I learned a lot from my last build, so this stretch of RAM has some other improvements, too.  First, I built above ground (holy cow, digging out space for RAM was *not* fun last time).  Second, I only have one multiplexer for input and output (I realized I never LOAD and WRITE simultaneously), and it's built to be a bit less of a tangle of wires.  Plus, I put terminals every sixteen bytes where I can route the CLK, INPUT, OUTPUT, and SELECT signals so that I don't have to wire every gate all the way to the bottom of the tower.  (I've actually noticed that this is impossible now, as Starbound now appears to have a maximum wiring distance.  I've got my fingers crossed that the propagation delay won't be an issue.)

I've noticed a few glitches while building this.  First, Small Wall Switch outputs will ""flicker"" if you get far enough away from them and leave them alone, which means they're no longer as reliable for electronics usage as they used to be.  I've also found that latches will output an ON signal even if they don't light up (for reasons I don't quite understand).  Their output works, even if this does make diagnosing problems much more frustrating."
That's what I call DETERMINATION.
Oh no it doesn't. I live in Austin where there are festivals and drunkards everywhere. Nothing like this has ever happened. But then again we don't import large numbers of muslim males.
"I hate to be the one that breaks it to you, but its been a decade since Texas won it all."
thanks fam
"Listen here, I dont know much about this Blitzcrank fellow you are talking about, but Steve from accounting has a crazy good arm."
I'm a Trump supporter and I'm glad you found it funny. Friends?
"Everyone was expecting a brick after Facts. But this is too nice.

Edit: Link down now :("
Is the optional boss the flaming cleric beast? Because I beat him on my second try. It's pretty interesting how different playstyles can make bosses impossible or a breeze.
"Correct me if I'm wrong, but wouldn't he be paying $7177 to lower the payment $75?  The first quote gives him a $3076 credit and the second has him pay $4101 for the lower rate.  It will take 8 years for the second quote to pay off when comparing to the first quote with its credit."
"You don't have explorer.exe (Explorer) opened, it may be that Windows didn't remember to install it or it's not opeded.

Made copy of my explorer.exe and uploaded it to download site.

Here is link: https://mega.nz/#!MtJlWJpY!LnA28yIn6VaZoQ1bEb4r7Nn2xi0HaEjB1eK0iyzIhbg

Here is check for viruses: https://www.virustotal.com/fi/file/f370de6224f78c78fdc8630ac383c168696a1142b41c1926e7326396c5b14362/analysis/1452276534/"
In which episode?
"Logically it makes sense, just bad underlying facts. "
"In business it's called the executive summary, presumably because executives are so busy that they don't have time to read anything but the TL;DR.

As one of my business professors used to say:  executives are like children, they like it short and pretty with pictures.  Turns out that's a pretty good approach to communication regardless of the audience."
The price I paid for boom Beach
I'd go with synthpathetic
"I never thought I'd say this, but I agree with Karl Rove."
[deleted]
"Removes kebabs, usually. "
Tell that to the toilet.
"Hey Kilojo, it's crazy shopping for a bed if you haven't in a long time. The price shock is destined to happen, but think of it this way. You may spend 20,000 to 40,000 for a car used for 5 years, trade it in and back at it. With a mattress (especially this one) you'll have for more than 20 years because of the quality. Plus you sleep a 3rd of your life!

Based on the king size set, that's $160 a year, $13 a month, $3.25 a week. You spend more drinking a cup of coffee a day because you're not rested, than buying that bed where you'll feel more refreshed in the morning.

There's no doubt you can find cheaper, but remember you need sleep more than food or water to survive!"
"Great guide! But you forgot to mention the reason why TSFs are being used instead of jets/helicopters/air support.

And that reason being is because the Laser class Beta shoot down anything in the air that flys as high as an airplane or helicopter so they developed TSFs instead to counter the method. That's why the TSF names in the Muv Luv verse have all irl aircraft names.

Air support when Laser class Beta are not present in the battlefield are shown to be extremely effective.

"
"You might be better off looking for international FA. It's hard to keep tabs on them when there's so little literature. I don't know if that makes them underrated, but at the very least they're not as prominent. Here's a [solid list](http://m.mlb.com/prospects/2015?list=int) to use. Eddy Julio Martinez, who's with the Cubs now, is a guy some say would be No.1 overall if he were in this year's draft."
right now I just eat them because they taste good
"If Vinny Vincent fucked a sloth, you'd be the outcome."
[removed]
That's a cartel. Oligopolies can be very competitive.
Photoshopped
"Don't think that's possible. "
[deleted]
"Con te Partiro- Andrea Bocelli 

Link: http://youtu.be/qu8wn_OhvTk "
"We don't censor anything around here just because it hurts your feelings. One post was a clear hate post, that was removed, but the other spawned a lot of discussion and was not offensive on it's own. 

If you don't like that there isn't much I can do for you except tell you to deal with it.
"
apparently DeFillipo used to work for Chip Kelly. Might be a sign we intend to make Kelly HC.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
"I wonder if the real key here is the rumor that the iPhone 7 will be ""waterproof"".  What if the removal of the 3.5"" jack is really to allow a 100% sealed case?  Then all audio moves to bluetooth, all charging moves to an AppleWatch style inductive charger, all video streaming is via AirPlay, etc.

This seems like a more logical evolution to me, assuming the inductive charger can be made thin enough inside the phone to keep a thin profile.  Apple can even claim they didn't EOL the Lightning port by putting it into the charging dock/base (which can be swapped out for USB-C in Europe).  And it jives perfectly with Jony Ives minimalist aesthetic - no ports to break the lines."
[Better?](http://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/styles/story_large/public/thumbnails/image/2014/09/30/09/Olivier_Giroud-2.jpg)
"agree! they SUCK. i had a backpack and the strap inexplicably ripped out. mailed it in to the warranty dept and got an email saying they'd have it back to me in 6-8 weeks. it's been 11 weeks. they won't respond to my emails, and when i try calling them i can't get through. this week i waited for 45min on the phone before giving up. 

~~DO NOT EXPECT THEM TO FULFILL THEIR WARRANTIES~~

**EDIT: their online chat function was actually pretty good. they told me i get a ""no charge replacement"" which i guess is cool, but i wish someone had called or emailed to tell me that since it's been almost 3 months. still have to get a hold of warranty dept to arrange it...""**

**EDIT 2: finally got a hold of them. gave me a few options for a new pack based on the original retail price of my old one. sent it out with expedited shipping. super nice and helpful on the phone**"
"While Green doesn't have a common removal, the creatures are really solid.  

Stalking Drone matches up against 4 drops when active  
Loam Larva blocks most 2 drops and fixes your mana if necessary, which can be huge.  
Netcaster Spider stops almost all flyers in the format.  
Scion Summoner is a contender for the best Green common, mostly because of the support mechanic.  
Tajuru Pathwarden being great is pretty self-explanatory.  

Lastly, I think Pulse of Murasa is a card people will underestimate and undervalue, the huge life gain and the card being instant makes it very playable."
"You should be able to add a [static route](https://help.synology.com/dsm/?section=DSM&amp;version=5.2&amp;link=AdminCenter%2Fconnection_network_route.html) for the second network.
So if the second NIC is on 10.10.10.0/24 and ~~your~~ you're trying to ping it from 10.10.20.0/24 you'll need to add a static route with these settings:

Destination Network: 10.10.20.0

Netmask: 255.255.255.0 

Gateway: The IP of the next hop to reach 10.10.20.0/24


I'm still learning all this network stuff but I think that will work."
"The annandale location isn't bad. From that intersection, anyplace south/west is a good commute. The commute up to Tysons isn't awful and the commute into DC... well take the metro."
They'll keep coming back as long as we control the memes of production.
Or eat shark fin for.. something. Stop eating shark fin.
Hear hear.
"Yeah I'd rather just eat that little bit less, than run for that long!"
"Back in the day people would commit a violent crime and the judge would let them out the same day or the next day and they would do it again and again and threaten witnesses. Except it happened a lot more than today. 

This was back before the three strikes laws, the sex offender lists, the cops taking your money laws, etc"
"Op may find Requiem HQM easy as you stated it's a more relaxed pack with standard recipes / cfgs.

I would suggest Blast Off as an alternative as I'm sure /u/Leonoor8 you will agree it was a great but hard pack 

"
[removed]
"Yeah I know but whenever we stick Martial on the wing, he is the only one close to replicating world class skill on the wing. Depay hopefully will get there. "
"Careful with that boy. I fell in love with reading and watching military history books and movies as a kid... somehow that led to me being in Afghanistan, hah! "
"If you didn't want it then you should have told them to take it off. Read the contracts and what you sign. Ask questions if you think something is wrong or do not understand. I'm confused how this stuff keeps happening "
"Edited. Happy? "
"Not necessarily my favourite but the home run bat from Smash Bros is ridiculously satisfying "
Open it in chrome it worked for me.
"Blackwing Technician is conditional though. It only works in Dragon decks, and only if you've got a Dragon in hand. This card has no such restrictions; on any board, with any hand, in any deck, it's a 3/5 for 3 if you want it to be. "
I got Skaliwag! Really happy about it since I didn't have gems during Summer of Smite :)
but money can prevent sadness
"For those who don't recall Kevin's crest design. It was a source of great pride for everyone around NASL-world at the time. Just enhanced the feel good story and fan feel of the Minnesota team. 

http://www.insidemnsoccer.com/2012/01/10/minnesota-stars-get-new-name-and-logo-minnesota-stars-fc/"
"Rifle is fine, just take away shit of goat."
"The asses of migrants. "
Great :-)
"A movie that mostly took place elsewhere and killing people with wood chippers. "
"Thanks for the giveaway! 

Well, due to the fact ive been a die hard tampa fan all my life and love the team to death, I felt like I should include them in my username haha

A fact about me is that I love my dog almost as much as I love hockey lol. Ive had her for 8 years now and whenever I watch a lightning game, shes always ""watching"" it with me too

I keep playing be cause I love hockey more than any sport on the earth. I enjoy being able to control the players I see on the ice in real life, in the game.

My sister started playing basketball like 7 years ago and met another girl on her team. The other girl isn't exactly the most fortunate kid in the world. During christmas its tough for her mother to buy a lot of presents for the three kids she has (including the girl that plays basketball). Well for the last few years or so, my parents have bought them around 10 gifts to put under there tree including the ones their mother buys them. It taught me that everything is not about what you have in your own life, but what you give to the people that really need it.

I put up a Valtteri Filppula(TB) and my team name is: Lutz HC"
Haha... I see what you did there.
Infinite is one of my favorite games but BioShock 1 has a better made atmosphere and is also amazing
Pussy Riot
It's a tax on people who are bad at math :-D
"I think that only counts if the vehicle was signalling, though, right?  I couldn't tell if the bike was signalling."
[deleted]
"COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST lelCOMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST COMCAST  "
"I loved the show when I binged it, but god damn it dragged on from those problems. Tara was insufferable with her perma scowl. "
And sometimes things stay ugly anyway!
"Chrome:
http://black.game.daum.net/html/common/controller_chrome.html

Edge:
http://black.game.daum.net/html/common/controller_edge.html

Firefox:
http://black.game.daum.net/html/common/controller_firefox.html"
"You did surprisingly well despite your intoxication! "
"Sissy stuff. Female supremacy (ew, femdom here, not weird sexism). Incest (too much of the real thing). Feces. Demeaning submissive male masculinity. That cuck thing where she needs a REAL dom man.

None of these kinks are *bad* for other people. They just trip my knee jerk ""get it awaaaaay!"" reflex."
Soube via certos petistas desesperados de SP que o  PT está perdendo literalmente milhares de filiados mensalmente em todo o Brasil.
"It is slow, but it will pick up after a while.  And, of course, if you go Law like a proper human being, it will get very good.  Trust me.  "
"If you want it to? There really isn't anything past that point but cutscene and two file-tainting choices. The game won't treat it as one, but in this case that's a good thing."
[deleted]
sh-sh-sh-sh-SHITPOST ^*post* ^^*post* ^^^*post* ^^^^*post*
"Because an election fought in the same place, between the same parties, over the same electorate, can't possibly have any similarities in tactics?

Of course, Labour didn't do so well in London in 2012, but I doubt you're particularly keen to discuss all of Ken's failings there."
"What is wrong with a boring job? 

I see these posts all the time and I'm starting to suspect they are posted by recruiters at the B4. Public is supposedly ""challenging, interesting, and exciting"" because the work is supposedly always different. I'm not sure that is true. Try testing SOX controls for two months straight and I bet you will be bored out of your mind too. Even if it isn't boring it is a grind to do so much in so little time. It seems like busy season never ends because something else always comes up. "
Confront the pain of failing to save your Hokage.
"**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Please contact the moderators versus replying to this message, if you have any questions or concerns.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Mind your own business. If you think someone is going to hurt themselves, tell the staff to talk to them. 

Most people don't like to be corrected. It's embarrassing, and that's not why you're there in the first place. 

Focus on what you're doing, not what everyone else is doing. "
"No, I am saying gift the children dictionaries. Dicts are good sex-ed."
"It says a lot about Jeremy Davies' acting talent that his career survived this. "
I will not drink today.
Thank you. I take it you liked the girl on the bench one ?
"Some of the coolest graphics of this type I've seen were on NASAs website and were about orbital mechanics. Showing things like how the velocity changes in elliptical orbits so that the area swept by a line connecting the satellite and the nearest focus is always the same for equal periods of time. 

I've never been able to find them again. Have you ever done any like that?
"
"I do it in two minutes by getting the pin then the call to put in my pin,  instantly activated. All automated so the only user errors I get are on my end. "
"Yeah, I thought that as I was writing it, but my idea was already set, so I decided to just stick with it and justify it in my head, haha."
"If you want it to look like flames your best bet is using a paint brush to apply the bleach. So you have more control of the effect. "
"I've always fucking hated Keemstar. Like I like to think its a character but the fact he said his news team screwed up makes me think otherwise. Because if he wasn't a fucking twat who didn't give a shit about anyone but himself, he would have double checked the story before ruining someone's life. He's one of the main reasons I'm so reluctant to make my own channel. God forbid something happens and he decided to pick up the story. I would just rail into his ass. "
"Thank you "
It's always an option
"Now those aren't super prime scores but they're very far from the rates you were quoted. 

Go to a bank and see what they will offer you instead"
"Tenho uma 2MB da Velox. Nem fodendo meu download [nem mesmo no Steam] passa de 120kbps. Já desisti de tentar. 

Em teoria, era pras operadoras entregarem no mínimo 30% da velocidade contratada. O que acontece na realidade, só jesus sabe"
Hahahaha
"Definitely. A single serving of my favorite beer has like 20 carbs...beer is definitely in the ""treat"" category for me, and I almost never have more than one at a time."
"http://www.wikiwand.com/en/List_of_scandals_with_%22-gate%22_suffix

It appears that the vast majority of scandals with the -gate suffix are fairly significant political scandals. "
And it had cards in it!!!
"Extremely unusual, yes.  Americans are very uptight about nudity compared to most of Europe. "
"Not Pennington, it was Shaun Ellis. The only bright side of the situation was that Ellis at least turned out to be a great Jet for a decade and we got to see him play the game of his life against the Patriots in the 2010 playoffs (my favorite game of all time)."
Why does everybody always bitch about it?
great
"So they get what's promised, they just don't understand what that is.  That's a different problem, but it's not the team's fault.  That falls on the player himself, his agent, and/or lawyer."
What the fuck. Seriously wtf
"Ever met anyone named Chris? That name is derived from Christ. Also, a lot of Muslims are named Jesus too, just that they use his Arabic name (Isa or Eesa) instead of his Hebrew name (Yeshua) or English name."
"I hope he gives Bale free role, if not he will just be like his 2nd season, and no one wants to see that"
[removed]
"Hmm, fuck the product shots for both the gats look terrible, too bulbous/chunky and really lacking that sleekness which the authentics have.. Oh well, I guess I'm back to trawling on grailed/ebay.

But thanks a bunch for the links!"
Only trust live demos.
Psh. Who else will they have to post the TSM Smite team post match thread...oh wait...shit...
how did i get this accent?
"The button placement, lack of dimple (unless that's a fingerprint sensor, which I doubt since there's no physical marker or indent) rear facing speaker and lack of ergonomic curves means that ""leak"" is almost definitely fake.

Besides, it's way too early for these to be real."
"Any of these things are useless, however, if they don't put them WELL out of reach. 1000+ diamond cost is nothing when ppl have been racking up 1st place wins for months and have nothing to spend diamonds on. Any next update has to have additional close-in goals as well as WAY out there goals for the 3K+ MS/1M% AD crowd."
"Twin-sided axe staff. It separates into two axes that are also single-barrel shotguns. "
"Those aren't... wow, they're nipples..."
RPG is such a broadly used term in gaming that it's becoming meaningless. If you talk to the pen and paper crowd you'll find people with the opinion that there has never been a true RPG in the world of video games. Other people will slap the label on anything with character progression/customization.
lol. the picture is hilarious though
Hell yeah
Not without the wheat
After a while those players are going to either just not complete the quest or they are going to start learning after wanting to finish it. If nothing else it may get more people to play a guardian role or another one they may not be familiar with that people would try to force them into anyway in casual matches.
"We're free to do anything that doesn't hurt other people.  The trick is that different things hurt different people, so.... it gets complicated quickly. :)"
"When packing a bowl, fold a piece of paper and empty out about a bowls worth of weed into it. Use the folded piece of paper as a funnel. Put one end in the bowl and tap the other end, and you've got a packed bowl, no mess, no wasted weed. Much quicker too"
"Oh. Sorry, I read it wrong."
It's 700 am on the west coast!! let's go MOFOS!! Fuck DA BUNGALS!!
It's nice to see a story about staying together through transition! Happy for you two. Hugs.
"&gt;backside 180s (I fucking think every time I get an answer on which direction it is it changes)

Whoever gave you those answers shouldn't be answering things then cause it's not mysterious at all. If you're regular then clockwise is backside. Done. Whether you're in normal stance, nollie, or fakie it doesn't matter at all. If you're skating regular then clockwise is backside. End of story.

When you're skating goofy it's the other way, clockwise is frontside."
"You can't go wrong with Japanese. My whole family has late 90s Hondas, all still running strong. I just sold my 97 Accord to a coworker with 256k miles on it, and got a brand new 2016 accord for myself. But that car's easily gonna crack 300k. At your price point you can get something around 5-7 years old that is real nice and reliable for another ten years. Accord, Civic, Camry, Corrola, maxima,  Altima, you can't go wrong. Like this other guy said stay away from older luxury cars. You're just asking for costly repairs.
"
[deleted]
"Terra Mystica was the first game I thought of based on: 

&gt;Number of Players: 2-5

and

&gt;Ideally a mix of both. Something where players can opt to help each other out but still have selfish end goal.

It also meets all of:

&gt;- Heavy replay value
- Player communication 
- Player decisions 
- Player can influence the outcome of their game by how well they play

However, it will be longer than 90 minutes, and I don't think it would play well with two (I've only played once, with 5). 

Twilight Struggle will hold your dad's attention by the way. It's the least repetitive game I own. You can also break it up into three phases and play a single game over three sessions. "
"Cash accrual method.

My brother and mom are both CPA's so that helps."
"*Throw money at RoT "
"Do the actors really have that tight of schedules though? None of them are part of a large franchise that would take up their time, and it's not as if any of them are consistently in movies. I don't see Michael Cera or Jason Bateman being THAT busy, especially for a short shoot. Most of the projects the main cast take on are TV spots or voice acting. "
Itse olen ajatellut että pitäisi varautua siihen että työt loppuu. Kouluttautuminen esim. koodaushommiin ei minulta onnistu koska olen tyhmä. Pitää varmaan koittaa katsoa jos saisi ostettua halvalla jonkun mökin kuolevalta maaseudulta jossa pihamaalla perunoita viljelisi. Ei kuolisi heti nälkään ainakaan. Talvet voisi olla karuja jos ei ole sähköön rahaa eikä kynttilöitäkään osaa itse tehdä. Varmaan olen kyllä landella asumiseen liian avuton ja tyhmä.
Are the plants endemic to the world useable as crops?
the CLG sub is too small for you to compare them most of CLG fans still stay in /r/lol
"Sorry for the lowest of balls, 112 keys"
North Korea?
davegoliver
"He's excellent at getting the ball moving and going past players in counterattacks, but his decision making is lacking in the final third. It's frustrating as he's just that one final ball away from being top notch."
"You are seriously really great. I ended up in a field that barely uses math at all, but for quite some time have wished to relearn what I learned in school, and more. Is there a place you would recommend starting?"
705 973
"See, there you have it. You're doing it all wrong. Open your throat, relax the jaw. Don't forget to cup the balls. You're never gonna win with those thin little bird lips you got there. This guy's got these big old powerful lips. Am I correct, Thorn?"
"Few issues.  First, Kobe had plenty of really good teams when he didn't win the MVP so saying that he'd have at least 2 and maybe 3 with better guys around him is speculation, not fact.  Second, I'm not of the mind to give him too much slack for having shittier teams around him because he played a role in that. 

The Kobe-Shaq feud is pretty well known.  While I'm not interested in putting on the blame for that on Kobe, he certainly did a bunch to contribute to the parting of ways.  If you play a role in your team breaking up, I'm not sure that I should give you a pass for playing on weaker teams.

Same thing when it comes to salary.  Duncan has historically taken less money to stay in S.A. and give them more flexibility to stay under the cap.  That is part of the reason that they could get so many quality bench guys.  Again, nothing wrong with Kobe wanting to get paid, but if that reduces the quality of the rest of the team, then he shouldn't get a pass for having worse teammates since he contributed to it.

Also, look at it from the standpoint of development.  The Spurs have a long list of guys that came into the organization young that gush over how supportive and helpful Duncan was to their development as a player.  I don't remember a bunch of those stories related to Kobe.  

Again, if he played a significant role in his team not keeping/getting/developing players as well as Duncan's team, then Kobe shouldn't get a pass for that, even if it isn't totally his fault.

As to the college vs pro thing, you are free to your opinion on it, but I'll tell you why I think both should be considered IMO.  

Look at '96-'97, for instance.  Kobe was a NBA rookie that was 8th on the Lakers in minutes.  Meanwhile, Duncan was ACC player of the year, Naismith winner, Wooden Award winner, consensues first team all american, etc..., etc..., etc...

Basically, he turned in one of the best college basketball performances in history and he did that at a time when many more guys were spending more time in school.

If Kobe played at Duke that year, he would not have had the success Duncan did.  Would he have torn it up?  Sure, but he wouldn't be player of the year and defensive player of the year.  

On the other hand, I'm 100% sure that Duncan could have been the 8th man on an NBA team that season and made a contribution at the level that Kobe did.

Additionally, in terms of total minutes, they were pretty much equal that year.

As such, counting the season for Kobe and not for Duncan seems strange to me.  "
This looks as something interesting to use with LuaJIT. Is there a way to have an HTTP/1.1 setup with only Lua code? Something more or less equivalent to gunicorn or uwsgi?
[removed]
"but who trusts the administrators of the proposed rule?

What if a republican southern baptist was running the place where one either sets the rules or decides on the code of conduct?

&gt;  75 percent of technology professionals believe a universal code of online conduct would help curb harassment, 51 percent believe that blocking IP addresses of known harassers would be very effective and 47 percent believe building more tools into sites to allow users to block or report content would be very effective.

the problem is there isn't a false war there is a real and persistent difference of opinion of 1. how to treat hate speech and 2. what hate speech and harassment actually are (shirtgate was harassment to many pro-GG ers) 3. if we even should create general rules banning hate speech aka should the european or american model win out. 

&gt; Can I ever hope to silence this vile language that is hard to avoid via still inadequate tools offered by social networks?

not when social networks want everyone to be online on their servers. That's the problem, you can't create firewalled places on twitter because its core idea is everyone floats around together. That's less true for social media stuff like listservs, smaller forums, etc.

*****************

you can't ask for an internet code of conduct and not think about the real value differences that are holding that up. This doesn't hold as much for more limited goals

ps twitter is satanic"
"&gt; ""duodecimalsysten""

Found the german!"
"The issue is that she potentially sent classified information over her private server.  If that is the case, that is a serious breach of information security.  Any non-politician who would does that would likely get prison time.  "
S E L L O U T
"""I'm a real blogger tho huny""  
  
lol"
SAVAGE
"Actually no, gun violence does not happen in every country at that frequency. "
Fairly sure crap is not being used as an object here.
"A 3 day booster. "
"After watching MI: 5, Kingsman, the Man from UNCLE, Spy and Bridge of Spies, Spectre pales in comparison. It still surprises me that it managed to be the worst spy movie in a year filled with spy movies."
"So, just to be clear, your alternative is to leave him in power indefinitely and allow them to keep killing whoever they want?"
"Agreed, the world would do well to de-incentivize car ownership as much as possible."
they're also officially licensed tour merch
"First of all, a passenger rating exists?

Second of all, what is the point of having it be 5 stars?"
[deleted]
OH HELL NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
705 998
S5 worlds
"Doesnt shock me. And if he's not gay, they'll just headcanon him as gay!"
The energy overall is awesome (if not slightly insane). I would work on the vocal delivery to make it feel a tad more natural as opposed to being read. It's subtle but can make a big difference. Cool jam!
Apparently gum.
"I do! Well, South America."
"Was working the nightshift in the lounge at this famous worldwide fast food burger place. In the same shift I got 1. Used as a shield in a food fight and had a B mac thrown in my face 2. Had to clean up vomit in the bathroom and accidentaly splashed some on my mouth 3. Some guys had formed a line in the corridor that I have to pass it get in and out of the service area and kept chanting ""dyke"" everytime I walked though. "
Metal gear solid 5: the phantom menace
"Ether chest at a certain level wasn't much either. 

At least with these a 3OC could work for an exotic drop 

My only complaint with them vs wolves, was wolves were fairly contained to a certain area of a map. Taken take over the entire area. "
He is good when he is not playing with shit players around him.
"Here is a link. http://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal-considerations/judicial/authentication-of-documents/office-of-authentications.html. Yes to sealed transcripts and carry the degree certificate. Also a criminal records check (Mine was FBI) but it can be local. With respect to all of this read about the requirements BEFORE you go. As some cannot be done in country.And the rules change w/out fanfare. "
"I k ow; it's just shocking sometimes to see it. I'm used to guys just going on about thier bitches and so on in public. And I don't hear guys say things like ""I miss my gf"" out loud or to their friends. Or hear them talking about being nervous for dates or so forth. 

It's nice. 


I didn't mean to be like ""all men are heartless""- just I never see it is all "
10 - 20kbps here. I'll wait for a mirror. Thank you OP!
The admin? not the mod? the reddit admin banned you?
[deleted]
welp
"Dude im sorry but it's an epidemic on my posts at the moment, especially on the main Destiny reddit. My post will go from 20 points to 6 in a matter of minutes. It's ridiculous. I'll quit my whining though lol"
"Nice job on the weight loss! I also lost around 6 pounds after changing my diet, but like u its mostly water."
😀👍friend!👍😀
But standing on top of Crazy Horse is way cool.
"I've received ~$5 and ~$8 payouts before, but the EA Sports suit paid out per game that you purchased.  I had purchased numerous eligible games over the affected date range and got $80."
[removed]
You're*
"Love those crocodile tears! "
"[ho ho ha ha](http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/1/17/Snip_ability_shrapnel_03.mp3) (sound warning: Sniper)

---
*^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot. ^^^Question/problem? ^^^Ask ^^^my ^^^master: ^^^/u/Jonarz*
                    

*^^^Description/changelog: ^^^[GitHub](https://github.com/Jonarzz/DotaResponsesRedditBot) ^^^Thanks ^^^iggys_reddit_account ^^^for ^^^the ^^^server!*"
Criminal history or connections to known Islamic supremacy ideology groups.
"You're still pretty young to be making such a permanent decision if you're not 100% certain. A vasectomy is a responsible decision though... maybe have him freeze some sperm before the procedure in case he changes his mind in the future. 

I have three and I am **positive** that I don't want more... my oldest daughter is in college so I'm just holding out for grandchildren!"
"I thought about this, too, when I first saw it.  I was like, c'mon!  No way he *never* fired it before. 

After the movie I asked the buddy I was with if he bought that.  He said, ""sure.""

""In all our years, have you ever used my bowling ball?  My golf clubs?""

I confessed I hadn't.  It's actually very easy to go your entire life without ever using someone else's equipment.  Especially if you have your own and you are perfectly happy with it.  

Han still had his trusty blaster at his side.  Why would he ever want or need to use the bowcaster?  It's not like they would trade.  Han's blaster is way too small for Chewie."
"The impression I got from my CS 1331 prof (Sweat) and from my TA training is that it does violate some institute policy or another. Not sure what policy though.

But you should go ahead and do it anyway, so long that your prof is cool with it."
"That was working for me previously, but now its not, ugh. I just ran a few games to make sure the GPU is functional, and it definitely is. "
[](/minisexualhealing) But mostly hoofs~
"A good mixture of %attk, boss and PDR on your primary, secondary and emblem more like."
"Plus he clues you in on the hidden thing in Firelink!  He's really important and should never be attacked (by somebody who doesn't already know all that stuff).  People are dumb.

Better to fight Lautrec, Oswald, or Siegmeyer if a person really had to learn what happens when you attack an ally.  Most people probably won't use those characters fully on a first run anyway."
Examples of how they're better instead of just spamming this sub with your referral link.
don't attribute to malice what is explainable by incompetence. They could very likely have simply forgotten about it. I do it all the time.
[removed]
"Your point seems to be:    
&gt; In some circumstances, its absolutely necessary.    
    
That's nice, but you are comparing the Iraq War to Slavery which are not even on the same scale of moralistic values.  It would be nice to vote against the Iraq War but the fact is that 65-70% of individuals were in favor of said war.      
    
I'm sure those numbers were reversed in Vermont and makes Sanders the perfect example of a politician reflecting the values of the constituency he represents."
Ya and I was extremely disappointed so was looking for suggestions
"$600 is cheaper than my note 4 was, perhaps oculus should add a payment plan so we can repay them a month at a time like phone companies do.
"
[deleted]
"I saw that post and my reaction was that /r/ireland was an odd place to ask.  I assumed it was part of some campaign or other. 

Then I see an elderly retainer mentioned and immediately start thinking how I don't like curry.  "
We just found the guy with a crusty fleshlight and bad dragon collection in his mothers basement
"Caution: Possible redirect to porn/spam/malware for users on phones/tablets.

 [**i.crbaucom.com**](https://www.reddit.com/domain/i.crbaucom.com) is part of a known spam ring.

"
Most rumours are made up after all.
"this arc is damn long, considering recent manga chapter is still continuing from this arc"
"I'm usually able to get both 3* from the 3 and 4*, I struggle to get 600K from the 3* and around 300K on the 3*. I only have 4 4* and it near impossible to rank them up for me right now. "
"Good tutorial man! I'm not really one for kickoff strats, but I might try this one out a bit more often.

Also, I want you to know that it's always really fun playing against you, and I hope I get another opportunity soon. Keep up the good work!"
[deleted]
"you're a disgrace "
"Eat and Run

Frankenhooker

Night of the Creeps

Return of the Living Dead



These movies defined my college years. I was terribly alone in college."
Better have a symbol then...
"The players trib is really on to something this is so much better than watching the garbage bin, view clone, male lipstick wearing bullshit that ESPN lets spill out of its various orifices."
No one considers maybe he shot up...put the shit away rather efficiently.... stuck the gun in his mouth and waited to nod off and with the weight of his hand pull the trigger maybe? just throwing that out there.
That must have been a hefty level adjustment
"Not true at all. I tested this as it was what everyone thought. Fully leveled my titan all 3 subclasses and still get greens. "
"Well giving your team some information or telling them what to do (group, force baron,...) can be pretty important."
Wow WTF.. I can't really even think of sound advice to give you. That just sounds so crazy. There are so many things wrong with that. That girl has problems. None of that is normal
we need to wait until it's at least a credible risk
When did fake enthusiasm become a thing? When people get paid or?
"Cacturne. Always loved using it in Emerald. In fact, it was the first grass type I ever used in gen 3.

I think it's really underrated. It has good Attack and Special Attack stats."
"Gotcha. Once you figure out what you want to go with just start browsing the enthusiast forums for whatever it is. Change your oil, replace your brakepads, repack your wheel bearings, once you get comfortable with basic maintenance go from there. "
The peddler restaurant has a kickass salad bar.
Yeah it's true. One trash can and another one for mixed recyclables. They are quite enormous though. At least compared to what we used before.
"What is also really neat when watching Kylo and Ray/Finns light saber fight is that you can see steam coming off of the sabers. I can't wait to see the making of and find out how they did it. It could be CGI but it could also be real, like they lowered the temperature of the set and gave them light sabers designed to give off heat for those scenes. "
Dude! Spoiler alert! Not cool bro.. I have been waiting for the right time to watch this movie since it came out! Shame on you OP!
[removed]
"Welp, considering the italian goverment you should never let your guard down. haha"
"Your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags. Please use any of these tags which you see fit [H], [PSA], [PC], [Q], [Store]  
Tag Usage Examples:  
[H] (have) -  [H] Statrak AK-47 [W] 20 Keys  
PSA (public service announcement) - PSA: There has been a major change that needs to be known  
[PC] (pricecheck) - [PC] I need a price check on x  
[Q] (question) - [Q] what would keep price in the long run x or x?  
[Store] (store) - [Store] I have too many items to list in the topic so check my description  

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/csgotrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
Great work! Could you post a side profile of the darker board?
Most Americans are an Oculus Rift away from the street
"Smash had like 3.5-4k entrants, sf4 had around 2k

Xrd had around a thousand. Sure, not as many as street fighter, but damn you a delusional fucker if you don't realize there's a sizable scene
"
"It is the backlight, set it low and the battery lats MUCH longer."
"kind of ironic coming from someone who thinks they know more than anyone else on this sub, and who doesn't refute reliable sources when they are cited but instead just claims they aren't reliable...."
"I found this odd; I've read the transcripts and BD called it a Jeep during his interrogation and the officers sort of went along with it.  It just stuck out to me because most boys his age would know what an actual Jeep was and he was supposed to have seen it.  Is it a regional thing to call all suvs Jeeps??  "
I am so fucking stressed. I believe we will get tickets because there were plenty left days after we bought them. However I just hate thinking I'll go when its not 100% guaranteed.
[deleted]
"I just got my LEAF yesterday.  Not saying I got a great deal but I agree it's a good time to buy.  "
"liking a possible underage vine = grounds for reporting pedophile

god what a bunch of pathetic niggers"
Yeah but that's literally the only solution. There's no magic bullet to make you stop procrastinating. You just fucking have to get up and do whatever it is you need to do.
"http://www.futbin.com/16/squad/177918 

Little bit over the budget, although 1 IF, 2 5* skillers and one 87 rated player"
and probably wouldn't work too
"&gt; he's a goddamn flake

Enh, I'm certainly not a Marrone apologist -  I don't think he's nearly as bad a coach as everyone else says he is, but I don't think he's nearly as good a coach as he thinks he is.  Re: leaving the Bills, he had a clause in his contract regarding bailing in case of ownership transition (Ralph Wilson was up there in years, after all) and he exercised it.  Belichick did the same thing with the Jets, by his own admission did not feel comfortable with leading a team in some sort of transition period after what he had been through in Cleveland.

Tisch/Mara ownership is one of the best and most stable in the game.  It's something to consider."
"User deleted. "
"Nobody has time to wade through an hour and a half of amateur video editing. If you think it is a lie, what evidence can you point to to support that? Not hunches, not feelings, not what someone on youtube told you, actual evidence."
"Just put that money you'd spend on a headset in your savings account and slowly add more and more to it.  Come 2017 you'll have your pick of the litter and probably get an upgraded GPU for dirt.  The doubt of whether or not VR will be successful will be in the past, and you'll have a big library of games to choose from."
Frost. I hate that Frost Prime looks almost the same.
https://media4.giphy.com/media/NyAsblxhpaBHy/200_s.gif
"&gt; hey Im not an brain surgeon but we need to break up that mass in your head that I really dont understand.

Because Dr.Oz said it (Dr.Oz represent Sanders in this case)"
"We should have known he was evil. [The lazy bastard, always running off to commit murders](http://i.imgur.com/KoyDO1u.png)"
much better!
"[1213](#s ""It's Brazil... saw a sign for the Secretary of State of Brazil or something like that.  Beyond that, no idea.  Guessed at random. "")

[49](#s ""Warning signs looked like they used the Russian alphabet, but I couldn't find anything to pinpoint where I might be.  Eventually found a sign for Amypck, but that's no help.  Guessed Ukraine, but was a few thousand miles off."")

[47](#s ""More Russian... lots of green, no idea where I am, guessed on the East side of the country this time.  Turns out I was a bit off from Lithuania."")

[118](#s ""Not a street view, but a person with a camera.  Big church, looked Italian, but I found a sign in the church with a language I didn't recognize.  I went back and forth between several eastern European countries before taking a wild stab at Myanmar.  Nope, it's Georgia.  I was close to guessing that area before I changed at the last minute, too."")

[3241](#s ""Another indoor place, looked like a Buddhist temple.  Only 4 pictures to look at.  No signs.  Guessed Thailand, off by a couple countries."")

[4668.](https://geoguessr.com/results/rbi6z56yPLxsLfLS)  Ouch. "
"Why is sand a reason?   
Does it get in the netherparts or something and itches?"
"Possibly just WT and not necessarily Redneck, but my Dad shot himself four times with one round."
You'll just have to...place one in there!
"Do non wrestling fans know who he is? No? then hes not the biggest.

Is he a great addition and wrestler, yes."
"Your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags. Please check the sidebar for information about tagging your submission properly.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/jobs) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Use a push stick for saw safety. Your fingers will thank you someday.
"How is it something in the middle? Herman was slandered with violating NCAA rules. That put his job, family, and livelihood at risk. Regardless of your allegiance, any human being has to understand that he has a right to be mad."
Thanks!  I'll PM you
Well they buff and nerf stuff based on 'historical accuracy'. Using 'Historical  Documents'. How does that work if the tank is completely made up?
"He was going over when the inch of fish per gallon rule should not be applied, in a very rude way.  "
"i'd love to tier for this nozomi if the internet on my phone wasnt being Awful? the wait time for connections on jp is horrendous omg idk what's wrong, i don't think its like that on my ipad and the issue isn't happening at all on en... ;_; right now i'm just struggling to spend natural regen lp. nozomi wait for me + my internet"
What I want to know is why McDonalds wasn't using oauls eyebrows to promote the golden arches..
"You add apostrophes because it makes it exotic. Women love exotic things.

m'l'a'd'y"
"The struggle is real lol #firstworldproblems
I live in Montgomery county and I have great coverage."
[deleted]
"haha, all my scans look the same. Too lazy to fight dust. Great shot, that RZ is no joke to carry around."
Just make buying structures a 2nd time without a reset not count as RBs in ur Tip Jar
"Probably already gone, but let's try my luck  

Sure, I'll take it "
You deny he voted for the War in Afghanistan? [Here you go](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/votes/107-2001/h342).
This is a colourful conversation
"Ridiculous. I actually just moved out of the city for the sake of my sanity. Price is about the same, just a lot less traffic and less people. 

A small studio in Seattle is at LEAST 1000$ a month, and by small I mean like 350 sq feet . 

Where I just moved (about 25 min from Seattle) a brand new complex was built and they're pre-leasing 466 sq feet studios for 1450$ which is egregious in my opinion... 

And PM takes a certain type of person. I can't remember a time in my education where in a group setting I didn't step up to be a leader. I took a class where the professor assigned us groups and roles and it was literally one of the most miserable experiences of my life (The person they assigned to be ""leader"" was meek and couldn't communicate to save their lives)"
"&gt; rainbow baby

I had to look that up, but it made me very excited for you!"
I believe it's temporarily built for a commercial shoot.
thanks for the update.
"[Occam's razor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occam%27s_razor). If their solution isn't simple and coherent, it isn't rationally plausible."
238
"You could record yourself sneezing, or sneeze while someone is recording you, I've seen myself sneeze, simples."
"That's a great thought to help ward off self-absorption, over-analysis, and procrastination. I don't have to fret about ""starting"" something or what it will look like in ""the end"". I'm just dipping my toes in a river of art, not inventing something that has to stand alone."
"I'm not denying that power/autonomy may have played a role, but it's not just that. There's way more here than AA is going to tell.

For example, do you really think it's possible that AA is going to take a job with a small-market team? I'd be shocked if that happened. It's going to be a team like the Yankees, Red Sox, Dodgers, Giants, etc. Yeah, he probably wants to call the shots, but he also knows where the money is and where the prestige is going to be, and he knows he's earned his right to hold out for that kind of job."
ADC SEASON!!! yay..
"Yeah, I'm pretty much hard wired to run and gun, which tends to make me do pretty bad at Search. I try to camp, but I either jump the gun at the first enemy I see, or sometimes I just straight up forget that I'm camping and go running off into the sunset."
"I suppose that it's a little late to apply this year when the waiver is in effect.  So that might be the reason.

"
"I fit a phoenix with six adaptive invulns (for maximum stacking penalties) and one capital shield booster. I linked it with T2 mindlinked siege links (22.5% command bonus for shield booster cycle time, cap use, and shield resists). Before links my EM resist was 69%. After links, my EM resist was still 69% (probably a small fraction of a percent higher). Before links, my shield booster cycle time was 10 seconds. After links, my shield booster cycle time was still 10 seconds.

Conclusion: Unless shields are different from armor, links do not affect capital reps and do stacking penalize with standard resist modules."
"Okay, I'm sold, the characters are great (yes even the MC), the world is interesting, and I'm loving the glitch effect.

And those colors too. :^)"
"That's a tall-ass cage. You'd have to be like a spider to climb that thing. "
[removed]
"Blackwings are pretty fun. They're not too strong atm, but they are lots of fun."
Phanteks is a pretty awesome company. I'm loving my Evolv ATX.
"&gt; The story about the rape of women in Cologne is highly suspect

When I looked into it it was a woman, not women. 

The headlines elicited images of mobs of men swarming through the city raping and pillaging.  But that was just the headlines."
"Your right they said early 2016 "
"Any of those will be a huge upgrade. The newer sensor is so_much better. But I personally can't be without a viewfinder, so biased against the E-PL6. "
Already factory reset it still broken
Okay.. This isn't a book cover we're talking about. This is a news article. It kind of is supposed to be  TL;DR..
Thank you!
[deleted]
"Ok, Ron. "
Can I join your lobbies? :p
"This was the best sharing format. One of the reasons I used Relay. My first two points are probably not as annoying as this change. "
"The most recent one was Istanbul.

I had it for a long, long time. No interest from people, and I just kind of put it in a ""Eh... it might not be that good"" category in my mind.

I played it, and it was phenomenal. What a great game."
I've never heard of a silicone primer.  Any good brand suggestions?
[deleted]
"Wow you're so fucking stupid. Clearly can't be helped...



If you pay x for a phone plan and x + 7 for a phone and a plan, the phone only cost you 7 dollars a month, how the phone company budgets it is irrelevant, because not having the phone doesn't cost you 20 bucks like it would without them adding costs to the plan. 



How can anyone be so stupid....  it's basic fuckinf math. Like the kind of math little kids do in elementary school. You're so gung-ho thwt you're right you can't even do a basic subtraction problem....
"
"&gt;robot

&gt;10/10

Okay, buddy, whatever you say."
"It's the same problem people have reacting to terrorism - rare, atypical, but highly-visible, emotionally-rousing events get all of the attention and inform policy. People have a knee-jerk response of ""surely, something must be done! We can't just do nothing!"" And sure enough, authoritarians step up to the plate with ""something to do."" It's how we got the Patriot Act, to attack our privacy, due process etc., and it's the best way there is to chip away at the 2nd amendment.

""Never let a good crisis go to waste."""
"1 it teaches kids they have no control over their feelings 


2 the girl in the movie  isn't normal. I can name at least 2 disorder that describes her behavior"
"how do people get so pressed about stanfords band lol, no one can take a joke"
[removed]
[removed]
"* Winner: Defenze
* Duration (min): 31
* First Blood (min): 2
* Positive Votes: 0
* Negative Votes: 0"
What kind?
"I feel like I don't see this very much from Stanford fans, but I could be wrong."
"Instruction. "
Aww. Even Mr Beans is [playing his part](http://www.zazzle.com/undisclosed_podcast_mug-168874302131528612) - someone make that cat a soda pop top coat to put on.
The 10% are republican haters
"I had bookmarked this to look at later, here goes:

Storm: All Giants cost at least 10 mana base, otherwise cool.

Iron: It's cool but this is useless for 6/9 classes, only really viable in one, but even that class wouldn't remove its bombs for a vanilla 8/8.  Control Warrior doesn't even use Frost Giant and this is nearly the same net effect.

Fungal: Cool, seems balanced.

Green: A+"
He does however remind us of bad shit on the internet.  But most of the time his videos are just pure cancer.
Your entire premise depends on *them* going to all the *same websites* you're on.
creepy
That's nacho pick anymore.
"Yeah, if it were the 1453 one, this comic would have about 200% more kebab"
"Good ending. Too many shaky shots. What were you trying to convey with all of those separate shots like the swimming pool at night, and the train tracks, etc.? And why did you have a children's laughter track over those shots? That was confusing. It would have been better if you had a continual track like the sound of something like a subtle wind over those shots. And I would have used shots that made the world look more apocalyptic. Some of them looked like the world was normal and not what ""I think"" you were going for.  The editing needs work especially in the sound department.  It sounded like you just used the camera mic.  The levels were all over the place. It wasn't smooth sounding.  If I had my eyes closed I would have been able to tell when shots were changing. I could hear the cuts. That's distracting. I would watch YouTube tutorials on editing and sound editing so that everything sounds connected and continual. You need to use shot gun mics, lapel mic, etc. when filming. I'm not even mentioning all the different sound mics you could use, but a good sound man would know. And a good sound man IS important to have when planning a shoot.  If you don't have a shotgun mics, lapel mics, or whatever, ADRing is also useful after shooting. 
Another problem was the action didn't look real. I'm talking about scenes like the stabbing of the guy by the main character, and also when the gang with white masks jumped him at the end. Again, watch useful YouTube tutorials, like stage combat with knives and fighting. 
The dialogue sounded fake. An example of this is; when one the guy after getting stabbed by the main character says ""Why?"" the main character responds with ""I'm sorry, it's either you or me..."" sounded contrived and unrealistic. Also as far as that scene goes you should ""set it up"" more. Show the main character stalking that guy. "
"They don't want you to make emblems "
No one here is saying to support puppy mills or back yard breeders. I'm sure the majority (if not all) of the sub are well aware how awful puppy mills are.
try using the onboard motherboard power switch. if you dont have one check the power buttons cables are plugged in correctly
"'Rocks and I were just chatting, he's out and about with his plans to conquer the world.  "
"Ah, so the bad courses subsidise the important ones..."
Cats are picked up there by their mothers as kittens. It's an instinct to stop struggling so their mother can help them. Nothing bad.
overused meme but ilauvit
My recommendation is to keep drinking until a couple hours before you plan to sleep. You'll wake up hungover but you'll have missed the worst part of it
"Not always (but usually, you're right). They can be even more virulent tumours such as angiosarcomas, merkel's, metastatic deposits from distant origins, and amelanotic melanomas (I hate this last term because you can usually find a little bit of melanin if you look hard enough). In any case any non healing ulcer needs prompt removal. Sometimes it's a highly unusual fastidious organism infection but they take ages to come back from the lab. Best to excise any suspicious lesion ASAP"
Lol said the same thing.
[deleted]
"#CLICK --&gt; [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofcsgo/wiki/faq) &lt;--
Your submission has been automatically removed because your account does not meet our [**minimum karma requirement**](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq#wiki_what_is_that_number_next_to_usernames.3F_and_what_is_karma.3F). Please read the rules to learn more @ http://www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofcsgo/wiki/rules

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/randomactsofcsgo) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Outside of special teams you got dominated. Stats don't lie.
"Moving the bomb is the best, we called that the ""Rocket Launcher""

*edit: this is cheating*"
"Skin type: Oily/combo (I'm oily in the t-zone, normal basically everywhere else)

***routine***: I apply foundation mond-friday. 

day: 

wash with seba med wash

clean + clear acne moisturizer

aveeno spf moisturizer

neitrogena spf 

neutrogena foundation for acne, with salicylic acid

night: 

wash with seba med face wash

tone with clean and clear acne toner

alternate between sebamed moisturizer, retin a .025%, benzoyl peroxide, and clindamycin phosphate. 


"
"Hi /u/phillydrew, thank you for all of the work that you and the mods do to make /r/ukulele an awesome and encouraging subreddit.

One thing I'd suggest is that in the contests the people that post first have an inherent advantage in that more people see their post, while maybe some who spend more time practising before they feel comfortable posting receive less votes because of this. 

To counter this, you could allow entries on the post for the two week period then have a separate post once entries are closed where people can vote for their favourite.


Additionally, and I don't know how prevalent this is because I'd hope no one would sink to this, but it's too easy to downvote other submissions to give your own a boost. If possible you should hide the downvote button on contest posts.

If you still need people to beta test the new site, I'd be more than happy to help :)"
"Like Forte as a RB, even for the Colts. But still would dislike signing him. Last year in FA we were in win now mode, getting old FA's left and right making us already one of the oldest teams in the league. Even if signing him would work out, he's got couple of good years left.

When you look at our roster, there is currently 15 guys on our roster older than 30 years old and in 6 months 4 more guys are gonna be in that list (Langford, Freeman, Lowery and Butler). I'd say draft somebody to completement Gore on the later rounds or sign somebody to be the 2nd back from FA (looking at some names, maybe Matt Asiata, Ronnie Hillman or Lamar Miller if you would get them with a cheap contract, or little bigger contract to Alfred Morris who is 3 years younger than Forte). S"
"Me and 3 of my friends want to join, GT: Trillexst"
"Him getting sworn in for the House of Representatives. Holding the same book he used to get sworn in for the Senate.

It might be a family Bible from his wife's side.

Edit: Yeah, his wife is a Roman Catholic. I think that's a fair bet."
"Relay is my favourite "
My sweet summer child...
"&gt;your're

[...](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/bod.gif)"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMqxjHHuvLM
"Bama was able to pwn Cook because he was a pocket passer.  A rolling QB that can accurately throw hits Bama pretty hard.

Going to be seeing a lot of outside linebacker and cornerback action.  Also going to see a lot of YAC because they are going to be trying to pressure the QB as he rolls leaving that flat open covered only by the safety.

I think Clemson will have success there.  The real question is, can they establish the run against Bama's run D?  Bama left no lanes open in the game with MSU.  They did the same thing against Fournette, too.  It's not a fluke, if they stop the run, they can work against the QB.

Saban's a master, he knows that taking away the run statistically makes more sense, because the passing game won't always be accurate, and QBs can get caught napping and sacked or intercepted."
This is a good one: http://markgoodacre.org/Q/fatigue.htm
Lovely looking woman.
They are a bit.... Offensive to be tublrly-like
"Also, your link's broken."
"Don't freak out; your post has not been removed. We just wanted to remind you of a few important rules:

* You must state where and from whom you obtained your Pokémon, to the best of your knowledge, as well as any other important information regarding their origin or trade history.
* Valuable Pokémon obtained from the GTS, Wonder Trade, or Passerby trades are not allowed to be traded.
* Shinies or events transferred from previous generations can only be traded in Bank tag posts with full details listed. Please read [Rule 10](/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules) for more information.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/pokemontrades) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Wow, you're still getting points? I've been stuck on 407 for at least 2 weeks."
This and Borat. Never laughed so much in my life...
"It's a cliché because it happens to too many teenagers. "
Seems to be $200-300 (on eBay) for the Turtles in Time PCB and around $60 for the JAMMA switcher. Could probably get the PCB for a little cheaper with some patience. That doesn't sound too bad to me. Some of the PC-10 PCBs I have are in a similar value range.
;(
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
"More info : local police are refusing  to file missing person reports , stating the workers are adults and have the freedom to travel anywhere.

Edit 1:  update : [looks like Facebook has blocked news related to the disappearances because of ""security reasons"" ] (http://i.imgur.com/w9Bk82Y.png) 

Edit 2: according to netizens in Hong Kong (hkgolden),  local stations aren't reporting these disappearances either. "
Is it full loot?
"Can we just stop for a moment and picture the monster that would be a 3-core BFR?

We are talking about the mass and thrust of 4-5 whole Saturn V's

In one launch.

That would be one hell of a launch to witness in person."
"lol well you're the dumbass who asked the question.
"
"The paramedics cut your clothes off of you to address all possible issues, so you'll be in your boxers or nude sometimes."
"So much dumb on here tonight what's going on!?   This is not the way to start 2016. "
Nice!
Aka bray sister joining the Wyatt family to keep her safe from the woman's division shuffle/ Finn facing a WWE champ soon
"From what I saw last offseason, Weddle wanted to be paid top dollar at FS, and at 31 it is hard to leverage that. But it does seem like the Chargers really didn't want him back unless he would take a massively lower pay on his next contract."
"Remember this guy?

http://www.thestar.com/content/dam/thestar/uploads/2014/6/5/1402015719722.jpg.size.xxlarge.promo.jpg

A guy went all rambo in a small eastern french maritime town in Canada, and people aren't very creative when it comes to making jokes about Canada."
"You could do it obviously without pre-computing the tree, but that really fucks with your mind so I suggested OP to just pre-compute the process hierarchy. The `pause()` system calls  halts a process until an interrupt occurs, it should be useful to keep the children alive until `pstree` has ran."
"CubedBiz is a boutique bookkeeping firm that prides itself on client satisfaction. Our bookkeepers streamline processes and get the job done in a quick and efficient manner.
"
"Many hours of softball, volleyball and beer leads to some weird nicknames... one girl was ""Rotten Crotch"" - but that's a different thread. "
"Nah I'm actually pretty muscular, but last time I mentioned that on this site I got flamed to hell. Also, why you gotta be rude, man."
I mean... Im not gonna hate on the guy without at least knowing what some of his content is? Its the price we must pay I suppose.
"Anyone know anymore of what happened, he looked a bit dead"
"2 times is good for me. I'll watch it again when it comes out on bluray.

Ps: It was way better the 2nd time watching it."
"Reading the Wright Brothers. "
MOREKWENTOPLS
"I definitely experienced feelings that I thought were felt by everyone, when really they were just strong dysphoria. It was such a strong feeling of self disgust, but I couldn't understand how others didn't feel it also. I didn't realize they weren't normal until my mid teens, but at that point I was in denial. *I can't possibly be trans* I would think. Feminine? Certainly possible, but not trans. It wasn't until I was nineteen that I finally re-approached the criteria with an open mind and realized how much it related to me. "
"&gt;the unknown factors (what the hell did I do/who did I upset?)

I never really blacked out. I remembered *everything* [shudder]

Those calls I promised myself I wouldn't make to ex partners, it was a daily attempt to salvage my rapidly diminishing self esteem.

I'm with you on the dog tired. 

Happy New Year /u/soberlife! You've got a great head start."
"&gt; Dhein22

Added"
"There is it -.-

I stuffed it up somehow when I added the new sticky. "
Only if the 3rd graders were basically Happy Gilmore
Well they were running around not playing for like 10 seconds.  No point in showing them.
"I have just had a look and its all in Australian Dollars?!?!?

Stay well away.

Not worth bothering the Police with as it look like they have not broken any criminal laws, however it might be worth reporting them to Trading Standards.

EDIT.

Just found the option to change the currency. However I still would bother!"
"Pretty good, kiddo!"
"Let's use this opaque, badly done list to stop people from buying guns, too!"
"Maybe it is an oblate spheroid, did you think about that??"
"Was just going to say, there is definitely a Mr. Bean quality to this."
Well it had been mentioned somewhere before. maybe and interview or something
"Sorry, didn't see that the text was still there. Didn't bother reading original comment "
"Oh, all of the above, and Wonder Woman haha."
In time.
"Very smart, Brazil.  No /s."
"all available deltas, except d-koffing line, delta starters, and delta gallade"
"Go to Settings, scroll down to Safari, then Passwords, enter your passcode (if any) when asked, and you can view stored passwords.

If it's Android or Windows then I dunno what to tell ya..."
"Mais non! J'en ai fini avec toi! "
pick skywrath and shit on him mid.
"That's obviously a joke... 

[@JohnCaparulo John I'm going to end up going to Calabasas and make you wife sniff my balls if you keep talking......](https://twitter.com/madflavor/status/683066084136595456)"
Yes.
"Relevante: ""Ainda não sei usar o Windows 9, e já saiu o Windows 11""."
"My grandma always said eat your vegetable. I'm 27 and just coming around, trying to loose a little weight and get back in shape and dangit if she wasn't right. "
happy birthday!
ANYTHING is possible if you beleeb!
"At it's current exchange rate, that's actually more than if you take the cash prize, at about $108 right now. That could change very dramatically by next week though"
"I'm first, because I made the thread, wooo go me.

-Benchmade Nimravus 

-Medford Micro Praetorian

-Boker Gnome 

-A longer wire clip a la the ones on bigger Spyderco Knives, to put into my Bastardfly because I can

-Cold Steel Urban Dart (the search begins again)

-Spyderco Squarehead (for the right price...)

-Benchmade Mini Grip, Hole Opener, with cool scales. "
requested
So please make the game cost 100 bucks so every worthless Sims gamers gets out of the game...
"&gt;Shit its meeting all my standards.

\* I can cook spaghetti."
"To go on diet is to deny oneself. Food should be consumed in copious quantities. Only girls go on diets or sacrifice pleasure for vanity "
I love playing that game
"we're close friends dude lol, settle down"
[removed]
I find it fairly accurate myself. ;)
"Nice job! Glad you're feeling better. "
Calling MSU out for flopping **IS** bragging.
Cool shoes! What are they?
[deleted]
"It's like jogging, everybody should do it to stay healthy.

The problem is that there are some churches that consider meditation to be holy communion with the sacred, and they insist that it's more than just the health benefits.  Then they lie about how this meditation is what Zen Masters teach.  Sooooooo....."
"Abstaining from intercourse is the only 100% effective way of avoiding pregnancy. It is absolutely ok to decide that any risk of pregnancy is too high at the moment, or that you only feel comfortable taking this risk if certain conditions are met - whether those conditions are a certain amount of savings, a level of seriousness in your relationship, having a supportive doctor, marriage, etc. Perhaps it would be helpful to plan what would happen if you were to get pregnant and prepare in a practical way for those circumstances? It's probably best to discuss this with whoever you see for your anxiety. They may be able to help you assess how much of your anxiety over pregnancy is due to your anxiety disorder and how much is due to pregnancy being a life changing event."
"It was cold, but after the first mile or two, the body warmed up. Strong gusts of wind every now and then, and light sprinkling which abruptly stopped so that wasn't an issue. Good turn out so overall pretty great! Got to run a bit faster than usual to keep the body warm. I plan on doing all five races in the Houston Run Series. Good vibe and event organization."
"Well to each their own. I think that you can't really feel powerful in PoE unless you reeeally know how to play the game and build a character. All of my builds eventually just PLOW and feel amazing but it's about getting every variable tweaked right. A lot of the new people that I see talking about how the game doesn't feel good have underpowered characters and are doing something wrong.

But you are right that it feels that way in the early and mid game sometimes and it shouldn't have to. I think Grim Dawn shows the genre that you can make a gritty old school complicated ARPG with a small development team and not have it feel sluggish."
"OP, I understand your frustration. You should first ask him. ""When I was in the bath, who is on point watching the child.""
If he realizes him, ask him how he planned to watch her when he was asleep. If she got hurt or in trouble, how would he know?"
But at 31 feet they would look fake!
"    R1(config)#int l100
    R1(config-if)#ip add 100.100.100.1 255.255.255.0
    R1(config-if)#
    %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface Loopback100, changed state to up
    R1(config-if)#
    %LINK-3-UPDOWN: Interface Loopback100, changed state to up
    R1(config-if)#shut
    R1(config-if)#
    %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface Loopback100, changed state to down
    %LINK-5-CHANGED: Interface Loopback100, changed state to administratively down
    R1(config-if)#router ospf 1
    R1(config-router)#do sh ip ospf | in ID
     Routing Process ""ospf 1"" with ID 10.1.12.1

The loopback interface has to be active and visible to the routing table for it to take the RID from it.

"
I just killed em after mass fusion since he got mad i didnt warn the BoS. He now lays dead in my garden because he's too heavy to drag.
"I know you're just trying to be a dick, but I think there's a lot more to the situation than just a girl."
Get out of my laboratory!
"That's because it's not a particularly good idea. Popular puzzles are already cheap, and rare puzzles won't get many buyers. When you factor in the shipping costs, this massdrop is actually more expensive (and will probably take longer to get to you) than ordering from a Chinese retailer such as cubezz."
"Phalanges Dromedarius "
"might try feeva friend. she is amazing at filling your bb gauge and healing. at your level, you won't have to worry about bc/hc drop resist."
[deleted]
"He hasn't taken a set, but he's taken games off him"
"Same here. I hear a symphonic orchestra when my AC in the car is going. ^^ Or once, I flew with Aeroflot from Moscow to Novosibirsk, and the AC in the plane sounded like a whole choir of Bulgarian singers ... :-D On the other hand, find most fans / ventilation systems *very* annoying (that sizzling / roaring noice) and try to avoid them. At the workplace, for instance."
"I tried forfeiting all tournaments and league, exited and reentered making sure none are ""underway"". Still doesn't work."
"&gt;People actually going to church.

Average mass attendance in Poland per diocese, per 100 baptised (&gt;90% of Poles were baptised): http://imgur.com/ZlfLys0"
"&gt; nothing bad has really happened. 

-A few scary incidences

-some non-damaging items thrown at car

I wouldn't exactly call these ""good"" things happening.

"
Your raid frame window is misaligned with the DPS meter and chat window by 2 pixels. *eye twitch*
"Jesus, I really thought everyone knew Rolf harris"
Better than some I know
[deleted]
"No really, lux has no good waveclear and can't kill malz."
"Allen, Stastny, Ghostbear, and Johansson owner here.. It's been a rough week but I was lucky enough to pick up Elliot. "
"It doesn't reveal stealth anymore,  but gives you a Reksai type indicator for stealth champs."
"Very interesting, thanks for your input. I'll definetely give it a shot. I wasn't aware the heavy stacked with Armamentarium (was it the case in Y1 with Arma and Vog boots? Can't remember )"
"Your basing this off of what, like five different sets of starcraft? There is no way we've had a big enough sample size of any matchup at the highest level to make judgements about it's meta. "
"That's pretty typical.

Belichick has done it many times.

A pick this year is almost always worth a round higher next year.

Edit: someone doesn't like factually correct statements..."
"It's treated as the same path as long as the drive letter is the same as it was before. "
I think [Bowser](https://imgur.com/gallery/jncVo) just found his match.
Jake Lloyd.  Revenge of the Tshi
This is true too. I've notice that /r/oculus is very much interested in talking about PSVR when there is something to talk about. I've been following this sub and PSVR a lot and I've seen nothing but a lot of positivity in this sub for it. There is just not a lot of content to talk about. They are being very 'corporate' about it.
Dark.
To be a star you must do that consistently throughout the year in multiple tournaments against multiple opponents.
"I agree with you. But try and say you think water should be private and you get people who will say ""so you just want poor people to die"". I am not joking I had a classmate say this to me."
"Absolutely :) The ex girlfriend bit was possibly the cringiest moment I've ever experienced watching TV in a long time also. "
"So this means by doing jobs and basically working I will be able to buy myself some ships? Great! However, is there an option to buy them permamently? Because I've heard that you will be (and are) able to rent ships with REC for periods of time, and I was wondering if I can buy them."
"**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**

Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 3](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) :

* **Threads in which the first commentor is required to give one answer and the second commentor needs to add on in some way, or argue the opposite point are not allowed**, because they tend to limit discussion by requiring what child comments can say.

Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. You will need to rephrase and resubmit your question.  Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Shouldn't the 24V be connected to your LEDs and the timer's Vcc connected to the regulator?
"Tsssss, I put her under the bridge, she's just lucky the game get butthurt over trying to build her magic chair underwater."
It also prevented them from taking advantage of shoppers that were previously buying stuff that wasn't on sale and paying more.
"This question should be 'besides Jimmy saville' bill Cosby is absolutely minute and unheard of in comparison to the complete shock and scale of savilles abuse. Entire generations were raised of Jimmy saville and he has raped young girls, corpses, hospitalized children, boys, girls, the lot. Bill Cosby shouldn't be in the title, in my opinion.sabille should"
When someone says that kind of stuff to me I get the feeling that they're constantly analyzing me so being near that person becomes uncomfortable as hell....
I aaaaaaaint haven dat shit.
"Amon wanted equality for Republic City, which was basically bender privilege town. He was annoyed that benders were inherently better off than everyone else."
"Source for the article?  Cause can't find anything about it in Google News, which for me only leaves my own news site as covering it.

And while it's down at the moment, there's no talk of a legal notice anywhere, like here:

http://forums.mfgg.net/viewtopic.php?f=8&amp;t=17907"
"These lawsuit are not frivolous nor do laws apply to the rich only. 

[Jaejoong's lawyers already won a lawsuit against University student who left nasty comments about him](http://jyj3.net/2014/02/21/news-140221-cyberbully-sentenced-to-pay-1-5-million-krw-for-malicious-posts-about-jaejoong/ )and she had to pay 1,5 million KRW in damages (about $1,300 I think)."
Sales of physical books are actually on the rise.
"Build it beautiful!


Look what luke has done to me."
[deleted]
"I find I need a plan/schedule - I'd go mad staying in the house so I try to have something to do 3days/week and the days I don't then we go for a walk. I find an hour out of the house helps the baby and breaks up my day which makes it go faster. Next week I have

Monday: 3hr baby group

Tuesday: house viewing + walk

Wednesday: at home for a delivery

Thursday: baby yoga and sling meet

Friday: probs vaccines if I can't get an appointment

I also use an app to set chores for each day so they automatically repeat - so MWF vacuum carpets (Labrador sigh), Th clean bathroom etc. I'm looking forward to baby getting older and hopefully do a little independent play so I can have some hobby time. I also have a loose plan that he'll go to day care once per week so I can do a pottery class =D"
"I had not seen the trailer. Can confirm it was pretty shocking. "
Jar Jar Binks.
702 835
"This is a really naive and idealistic opinion. "
"It looks like you are posting from a brand new
account. To post in /r/ToplessInJeans, your
account must be at least 2 days old. We
apologize for any inconvenience. The sub has
had a LOT of spam from new accounts, and
this is the only way to stop it. We'll try
to manually review your post within a day
or so, and if it's not spam we'll approve it.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ToplessInJeans) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"But he's a Flash villain, I thought we were talking about Green Arrow's main ""clown-themed"" villain?"
"He *thinks* killing his father will get rid of the light inside him, it's not the same as knowing. Tbh I could see it go either way though."
"702,846"
"lore

both knifes+60k"
"Dealer’s Choice
One-Eyed Jack
Suicide King
3mg
1.5 years I've been gaping and there's a guy at work whose started as his resolution is to quit smoking.
"
"That entirely depends where you are. I'm in Australia (if the accent didn't give it away!) and the different states have quite varying levels of activity, [but there is a very good and active online forum.](http://robowars.org/forum/index.php)"
"Shot Pete "
"Obamas policy decisions are not made based upon pleasing an imaginary man in the sky. "
"Oh cool, I didn't know that, thanks"
[removed]
"It'd look better off you.

Can't believe no one said that..."
"Seriously unsure how WSW fans are saying the ref gifted them a win. The ref didn't score the three goals for city, or cause Sorenson to completely stuff up or cause an own goal. Honestly.. "
Oil.
[deleted]
You really want Nero to be unobtainable?
you're joking right?
Ahhhh I just bought the black model of this watch (it will be my first automatic too). Gorgeous one!
"While I can relate to what you're describing, I find your language disagreeable."
"Though I don't think his Mega Stone is implemented in the game yet.

Edit: It is implemented, checked the wiki, my bad."
To me the murder victims brother came off as the least intelligent person in the whole show.
You can do it! I am proud of you!!
"Because I don't want to watch just anybody. If there's somebody who's considered good with them, I want to watch them. "
Wow that was really sick.
"True, but when my parents got married just went down to the courthouse filled out and signed some papers, a woman came out basically said ""do you?"" ""do you"" ""Good, You're married congrats"" then returned to the back.

When I was told the story about Japanese marriage I was dumbfounded over the hoops you had to go through. "
"6' chick here. I would date a shorter man, even drastically shorter, in a fucking moment. I'm not alone, either. The problem isn't the height, it's the attitude. Hear me out: short men, if they even look at you, treat taller girls than they are horribly, and I have been told by them myself that it's because we immaculate you and embarrass you. I guess I understand, but there is your answer. What it is that turns girls away isn't the height, it's the strange complex about it. What can you do about it? Stop letting it control you, how you act, and how you perceive yourself. Unlike weight(for the most part), you can't control your height (trust me, I know.), and please give girls enough credit to understand that, and be secure in yourself. You can be the biggest man in the room if you want to be regardless of your height.

The boobs thing is slightly different. As a shorter man, you'll still be a man at the end of the day. For a girl, who in a lot of society looks are everything, if you don't have the sexiest body, you may as well be invisible, too. Thankfully other girls fight for things like that to be done with, body positivity is a big deal nowadays. I hope one day your fellow men will fight for your image rights, too, but I don't see that as often. Thankfully, media portrays a very wide variety of male bodies in a serious and respectable way... the same can't be said for girls, yet.

Of course, some girls want their knight in shining armour to be taller than they are, and hey, whatever. Some girls are shallow and want superhero men, whatever. But for the vast majority of girls, even ones looking for a hookup, that confidence in yourself is the biggest dealbreaker because it doesn't manifest in most men as being introverted and dejected and wimpy... it manifests as impotent anger and assholishness. That isn't hot nomatter what shitty TV show likes to pretend it is. 

The question becomes, would *you* date a taller woman?

(for what it's worth, you're right about the petite girls thing. There are NO guys my height who want a girl that height as well, because petite girls are sexy, and, well, they make them look even bigger. I don't know a tall dude whose girlfriend isn't under 5'5. Similarly all my female friends that height? All super-tall boyfriends. It's ridiculous :P)"
"had it before in mw, sold for 190"
I tried something like that but when the thrusters fly up they launch into space so I don't really know.
"Just because you served in the military doesn't give a free pass to be a piece of shit, but Kyle was already a piece of shit anything negative I hear about him I can believe. "
"Can you translate that into an actual voting philosophy with the intent to improve society?

I don't see how refusing to engage with the candidates we have, because a blanket impossibility for anyone to be qualified For the job, is sustainable "
"Why stop at league 2 and not the conference north / south? I'm not being obnoxious I'm trying to see where you draw the line as not feasible for other leagues

I'm pretty sure Wimbledon only does hawkeye for certain courts for example"
"One thing that I've noticed is a lot of people are self proclaimed Christians but don't practice the religion at all. As for your question, yes Christians are supposed to practice pacifism. This isn't as much a debate as it is an observation. I find it similar to Muslims claiming Islam is a religion of peace, but countless examples can be found of practicing and non-practicing Muslims committing acts of violence."
"Except it's not a mental illness, dysphoria is. And guess what alleviates dysphoria? Transitioning. 'Actual help'? See the thing is, your stance is based on ignorance. Transiting *is* actual help, because it's the only treatment which has been shown to work. Link me some studies which show that a different treatment works better"
It's not worse than these guys' mustaches.
"i'm sure i would, only the guys you're talking about are probably straight and therefore unlikely to give it to me hard and deep."
Many ski resorts or whatever you want to call them have to replenish their supply of snow.  They often use snow machines and then 'even it out'.
How does soul eater work in your build? Can you use some lifesteal on ravana even tho you have your 3?
The bear should bring himself on should be good for a laugh
Basically live there
Ruby and Sapphire is my new go to love story.
"It'll be interesting to see what the new series [Haruchika](http://myanimelist.net/anime/30895/Haruchika:_Haruta_to_Chika_wa_Seishun_Suru) does with this, but I'm not holding my breath."
Wow
"standard 95% fade goes for 135 keys so yeah, it's overpriced"
"At least some of these are not actually original Square HD assets, at the very least, the stairs in the Alexander scene aren't, I dunno about the rest. They were made by a digital artist and were up on his personal website years before all these threads about the lost artwork came about. It's really bugging me that I can't remember his name."
"After recently binging Uchuu Kyoudai (Space Brothers) I just want more as it ended pretty abruptly.


I'd also like if there was another season of Death Parade. I know the current arc was pretty definitive, but they could do so much more with that universe."
I do
"Wow, that's really creepy. Is your mom somehow connected to her, or the guy who died with her. My mom dreams about people she knows and they end up dying, but one time she dreamed about a person she never knew existed (which was creepy as fuck). In the dream, that person was a sister from a guy my mom knew, but the thing is, my mom never knew that guy had a sister... She found out  that that girl is dead next morning, when they announced it on the radio. 

Every day at 10am and 12pm, the guy on the radio reads the obituaries (it's a small town, cca 50K people), so it's a common thing that my mom dreams of a horse, then a person and in the next morning to hear his/hers name in the obituary."
"Digital only? At eb games and  jb hi fi in Australia, it's available for pre order on disk?"
[deleted]
"&gt; flash red or hold steady red

To be clear, flashing red is airport unsafe, do not land. Steady red is just give way and circle. 

Obviously if something is drastically wrong (ex. the sole runway has construction equipment on it), flashing red will be used to tell the pilot ""You really need to go elsewhere.""

Steady red would just be if someone else is already landing or taking off. In all likelihood, if tower sees you're NORDO, they'll clear all traffic away from you. But if someone already on final approach, they might elect to allow them to land, and just give you a quick steady red so you know to not try to land quite yet. Once that traffic lands, you'd expect steady green. "
"Yeah, I think the thing about the monologue that spoke most to me was about how..some people can't drink.  I'm one of them.
I love being around my friends, or just other people in general.  I love drinking with them, and I hate stopping myself from being with them cause I can't drink.  I just want to be *normal* but I am not.  Alcohol can no longer be a part of my plans; it's not an option. "
"That was the whole point of the joke. Why bother answering to point out the punchline, just upvote because you laughed."
"of anyone hase suggestions or feedback, I would like to know so tell me :)"
"Guy was ranting about how stupid me and my friends were, and told us that he's sure we're lacking a chromosome. I told him I'm positive he got one too many.
"
I believe it's mon
pedophilephile?
"Yeah, humans are predators, you can tell by the forward facing eyes.  All our thoughts and beliefs are formed on the basis that we kill to survive.  "
"I've played the Elder Scrolls since Morrowind and I've never understood the complaint about quest markers. It's literally a dot on a map that can be turned off. Whereas I certainly spent plenty of time lost in Morrowind.

I will agree it's drifted somewhat from the earlier games - I certainly don't want to see it lose any further RPG elements.

And anyone who ever liked an RPG should try Pillars of Eternity. It does some really cool stuff."
61k
"&gt; Under God

So you can't be a true US patriot without believing in a god, or the christian god?"
"&gt;tactical

Wut? FO3: on normal I can take entire BoS patrol and pack of supermutants with baseball bat and some stimpacks. FO4: one can wear power armor for entire game exiting it only for repairs, shopping and fighting bloodbugs."
ayy lmao
It's simplified bird flippin'
HAHAHAHAH that was on Fox?!? I only saw it on Netflix like 7 years ago
"Post Removed.

Reason: Your post does not match the title format for this subreddit. Please follow this exact format:

**[H] What you have [W] What you want**

Note that spaces are important.

Please correct your title and resubmit. If your new post is removed for the time limit, [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSteamGameSwap). Click here to read the [required posting format](http://www.reddit.com/r/SteamGameSwap/wiki/rules_and_restrictions#wiki_required_posting_format) for more information on how your Title should be formatted.
___

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/SteamGameSwap) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"[Is this the one?](http://www.amazon.co.uk/3D-printer-Wanhao-duplicator-technologyoutlet/dp/B00YSL8GQM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1452338125&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=Wanhao+i3) I cant find the monoprice anywhere close to home. The reviews on amazon don't seem to good but there is 2 good reviews and 2 bad reviews. "
"No es verdad, no son tres grupos los que van a ser propios, son cuatro. Si Compromis y En Comú se presentaban solos, sacaban más que los Podem de sus comunidades seguro, probablemente, también grupo propio."
"Thats what i kinda dont like about nintendo but i understand why they do it. "
"You don't know, do you? Hahahaha! As if! You don't even know lol"
What race is Islam again?
I don't recall hearing about that. Where did you get that info?
"Easy: I don't care about embedded narratives or DRM, and I really like its gameplay."
"Those are some beast goals for a 13 year old. Good luck with them, but also pace yourself! it's better to take 5 years to get a goal that you can do for the rest of your life, than take a year to do it but get an injury that means you have to stop forever! 

Not that I'm trying to put you off but hopefully you see where I'm coming from, pace yourself and don't get too upset if you can't complete every goal! I know at 13 I don't think I would have been able to achieve any of those goals!!!"
"That's a pretty good idea. I probably should do that from now on. I have used the Refresh option that keeps all the files when the computer gets too slow, but that's every six months to a year."
More like sit in. Sit in the dugout.
"And miss the opportunity to educate people unfamiliar with your culture? I'd rather people be taught about the swastika's religious history and how it was appropriated by the Nazis, and if a few people have to be offended along the way then so be it."
"I was never into sci-fi, I prefer films that I don't need to do my research about in my own time to know what's happening. "
Rolling!
"The future owner thanks you for taking the 75% depreciation hit for him. "
An admin poking device? I need one of those for work.
Specialty wood store.
It's the end of civilization add we know it for Christ's sake!!!
"you could also use AFirewall+. it spoofs back to the app that it used the internet when it actually doesnt. so even if it does access stuff unneccessarily, it never sends it off."
"Yeah, that isn't a panic attack at all."
Apple's phones seem to be the only ones where covers seem to not cover the logo though.
"I play Nilfgaardian as my No. 2. It runs heavier on Spies, so I win most rounds through card attrition. Northern Realms is so verstaile though."
"Sounds like a nice, family friendly place, just my kinda city! Lotsa kids to savor, lots of drugs to munch on, only problem I see at a glance is that it's Missouri!"
Over 100K is too much for me at the moment
Gasol over Rodman and McAdoo? Damn ESPN this list was going fine until you had to make that bonehead pick.
"&gt;met the famous Nicolas Flammel in person, alive and well among the other initiates, and that he had talked to him about how *he was conducting experiments in order to turn the visible into the invisible*. 

definitely ahead of his time."
Number four thousand and something!!
"According to Wallace, the screenwriter of Braveheart and a good friend of Mel's, they are still working on that currently, writing the script together. 
Source: he spoke at my school last year."
Yes
"""She was never this good in bed even when she was sleeping
Now she's just so perfect I've never been quite so fucking deep in"""
"No it's a desktop.
Windows 7, 16 gigs of ram.

Doesn't add up it does not."
Boyd's Campground on Stock Island
"*Tuntuu hyvältä olla Liquidin fangay/puolella/kannattaja.* I guess memes like fangay can't be translated; because if you don't speak English you don't know the meme so I would just translate it as ""supporter""."
"&gt;helped create the server

 Yeah. Bias confirmed"
"Boo! Not cool! I think the wordplay n tech potential would always keep it from becoming the simpsons...Ppl say the new ones weren't as good, I am of the contrary pov"
[deleted]
"I havent seen a single person suggest that maybe shes a cancer patient or similar. She has what looks a lot like a bandage from phlebotomy on her right antecubital, a very common place to draw blood or do infusions, and the necklace while odd could be her way of identifying as an ovarian cancer pt or something. 

Not saying it isnt weird, just shocked nobody else has suggested it yet "
"Not in the sort markets that are most attractive to investors. Toronto, even Van, are deals compared to NYC, SF, and, Boston. Chicago is a better deal, IMO, but the market in general clearly thinks it doesn't have the same level of potential population/economic growth. 

Canada's geography/demographics are great for RE investment. You've got lots of immigration getting funneled into a very few cities, with a strong enough local economy to keep demand high. It's a little like the UK in that respect, with London being ""the city"" nationally and a major centre of global finance. We're obviously not on that level, but TO is like the junior junior varsity version of London.

Plus, outside of these super-desirable zip/postal codes, the subprime mortgage crisis, and Canada's relative immunity to it, added to Canada's reputation as a safe spot to buy (or, you know, launder your money).

Also, purely anecdotally from my friends from abroad and are buying in Canada, but there's also the lifestyle / social safety net aspect (assuming visas are in order, you can bring kids and older relatives here for cheap school and healthcare)."
"He played every game except V, according to him."
"Anthony Caceres from Central Coast Mariners to City

Link: http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/35323127"
Austrient?
"A rat who befriends a lonely boy and defends him from bullies, primarily remembered now from the Michael Jackson song of the same name on the soundtrack. "
"This is one of my fears - that with the recent trends of far left people being total idiotic dickheads and insisting on infinite tolerance of every shitty aspect of every stupid person's dumbass beliefs, the political and cultural climate is going to shift really far right as a response. It's like the whole every kid gets a blue ribbon thing - sorry, but every imaginable system of beliefs and actions can't be right. Insisting on tolerating all the people in the world's shitty cultures in their entirety is only going to bring the progress that humanity has made on figuring out the ways to live that make the most people free and happy to a grinding halt. It's arguable, in fact, that it already has. "
"Super awesome band. You should look into them. "
"This post was removed because it didn't contain your Friend Code in your flair. Please see the [Getting Started](https://www.reddit.com/r/friendsafari/wiki/gettingstarted) guide for information on how to set up your flair and get started on this subreddit.

**Note:** If you have set up your flair recently, it may take a few minutes to take effect. You'll receive a message from the bot when it's ready. Again, please see the [Getting Started](/r/friendsafari/wiki/gettingstarted) guide for more details.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/friendsafari) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"OMFG my friend just dropped like $500 on one. "
*apartment is convulsing*
Is fear liomsa Órfhlaith.
"http://appworld.blackberry.com/webstore/content/46380891

This is an excellent app. Have been using it for 2 years. Emails from other timezone of my organization was driving me crazy. "
"Does no one ever buy pink wards? They are only 75g and permanently gives you vision of 1 side if you are smart about placement. "
[I got you fam](https://i.gyazo.com/04d9b13b473dd73d554235e03deb07c9.png)
Israel did not became hypercube. Israel discovered is already hybercube
"There are literally thousands of people just like you, rushing to the dream of making a gazillion off of cannabis.  You're a fool if you think you're going to crack in to a market that is already ridiculously competitive.  It take a lot to manage a successful outdoor operation.  More than you can possibly know having ZERO experience. You will grow your weed poorly and still be staring at it a year later.   Don't believe me, though.  "
"When u r so poor you can't afford paper so you use tp instead "
"Exactly my thoughts. I don't know why Eriksen was getting so much shit in the first half. He was picking up the ball outside of a parked Sunderland and trying to find holes. 

Also agree about Dier. When a team shows absolutely no desire to get forward, we need to be more aggressive in midfield selection. "
"On all the major iTunes, Acast and Squarespace services come the spring. But you can listen in advance and contribute to the team if you crowdfund"
"Dirty Work. One of the most underrated comedies of all time. Featuring Norm McDonald, Artie Lang, Chris Farley, Chevy Chase, Don Rickles and more. Go watch it right away. "
It's the other way around. This film is completely boring and uninteresting to anyone outside the FGC
"Most the top comments here have already expanded on the downsides of Errants so I won't go into too much detail about that. However if your opponent has gone for a full unit + UA + Rupert + Covenant, that is 14 points invested into one unit. 16 if they also include the Solo. It makes for an incredibly durable unit but their army will lose a lot of its power should the unit fall.

That being said if your friend is struggling against Menoth as Khador, he should look into getting [Eiryss2](http://battlecollege.org/Eiryss%2C+Angel+of+Retribution). She is nighmare for Menoth to deal with as she can remove our upkeeps effortlessly from quite a distance away. This is a huge problem for casters using Defenders Ward and other Defensive buffs becuase they rely very heavily on them.

As a Menite player myself, I can safely say I despise seeing her on he other side of the table."
"&gt;were I the lawyer on the other side.

You mean the ""prosecutor""?"
"Can't, just came all over the screen at that goal, I'll need at least half hour."
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZBPoRwog00



"
"Just put up with it until then, but then drop that guy from your social circle. Crooks and liars will only ever cause you problems, don't allow people like that in your life."
You're barking up the wrong tree if you think he's not going to sell the screenplay at a deservingly high price.
"Maybe giving Asha his storyline? "
"*This is a house of learned doctors!*

You're not a doctor. You're a big, fat, curly-headed fuck!"
Just watch the first episode. It gets good very quickly.
[A minimalistic Phoenix Wright.](http://orig03.deviantart.net/88f4/f/2015/328/b/8/ace_attorney_wallpaper___phoenix_2_by_arcbuild-d9hw7uw.png)
"i remember these exactly posts from pre-april era

silver elo hell because of bad teammates and smurfs, hackers everywhere, dmg elo hell etc.

kids are salty because they dont have fancy rank anymore"
"It's a British music festival, and can be absolutely mental, soooooo much booze and drugs. IIRC police had to be called after attendees started to use a phone pole as a battering ram one year"
bro that was only late 2013
"What a bunch of BORING soap opera shite. "
"If I win, my reaction will be just like that of Eva Mendes and Mike Epps when they win the lottery in the movie ""All About the Benjamins"""
I stopped playing about the time they added planets. So it's been a minute. I'm really excited about multiplayer just waiting for that.
"I do not watch cable news, nor am I affiliated with any major political party.

""Socialism was indeed tried in the 20th century and has led to the most prosperous nations on Earth, whose citizens have more opportunity and equality than any American could hope to dream of. ""

Do you actually believe that putting the government in charge = more freedom/opportunity? This is so stupid it hurts. There is a reason Scandinavia is moving away from socialism. Not because it's the ""key to success' you're portraying it as.

"
how could he contest that?
"this is not the real loda retard

real loda https://www.reddit.com/user/Lodaberg"
How do we know 3 Brothers isn't the prequel and one of them dies?
"She didn't think it was a good idea, just the best one presented to her.

She still might've pulled it off though."
"&gt; Them going to the negative zone for the duration of the marvel movie era thus far gives a plausible explanation why they've been absent since as well.

Honestly if we are doing this i'd rather they simply get teleported after a brief stint in the Phantom Zone to modern day. I find them going into it young then coming out as adults with their own lives just kind of cheap. It misses so much development. 

Plus, where do they get the food, the ability to provide for a baby and so on? Just doesn't seem right to me.

I can see what you mean about their ideals in that time but then we have stuff like technology and how dated things would have to look. I'd rather they just set it modern day with a youngish cast and then by the end of the trilogy they're adults into their 30s and maybe even with a kid. "
"Exactly... I used to sell cars. Now it is rare that anyone will pay more that 3% over our invoice price. No one EVER pays MSRP for a car. "
use a splint and catch your breath
Very interesting story and very well written at that. It has been a long time since I've become hooked with so few chapters. good job
Fucking great
lel
"Climate change is linked to CO2, and his argument for reduced emissions is invalid because he's wealthy? Why that relevant?"
"This movie rarely gets talked about and it's a shame. It was able to display so much emotion without a single line of English. I thought the ending was great, although some people I know  thought it was dumb "
Flashback RG3. Does he miss a lot of throws?
A Formula 1 engine.
"* Lissabon
* The boy is 6 months old - 12 kilos and 80 cm long
* Blonde hair - blue eyes
* have the Portuguese people never seen a baby before?

Are you Dutch? :) Or maybe German?

As a Portuguese person living in the Netherlands for 5 years now, I usually joke with my Dutch friends and ask them how can Dutch women, usually fit, bring something so incredibly big to life! Joking aside, in general Dutch babies are HUGE and have HUGE heads, which is incredibly cute for people that aren't used to seeing it.

To the people that don't know what I'm talking about, here's a photo of what I would say is a typical Dutch baby:
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-zTwH4sRLgCk/URuKaDBwSUI/AAAAAAAAF44/lez9xO9iSZA/s1600/Mr.T+-+ellenbenders3.jpg
"
I knew my click choice was good
"Yes, it giggles"
That's the point of oddshot.
"&gt; the way Cruz smugly looked at the cameras like he dropped the mic or something

More like dropped a turd...
"
"I really don't think it would be serotonin syndrome, but it's something to mention to your doctor. "
2-0 down inside 15 minutes. Fuck me. We've got our work cut out for us.
"When I was four, we had this German shepherd who bit people. My parents said they were going to give him to the police so he could be a police dog. Asked my mom recently if this was true or if they actually just had him put down. It wasn't. He actually got to be a police dog. Good on you, Max."
ok sorry. ive only ordered from them once and that is how long it took for me
"Something you find interesting. I found myself reading a manual on a car I'll probably never own the other day just because I thought the engine was interesting (Mazda RX8 rotary engine, kinda cool)"
"The only black person in the small town I lived in when I was really little was my doctor.  He was really dark.  My mom tells me that during a checkup at age 4 or 5, I asked him why he was so dark.  He asked me why I was so light and I shrugged, and that was it."
"Battlefield 1943 is run and shoot, fun in its own way.
Project Reality you can be banned if you miss use an asset, like a tank."
"One of the big draws of Pro Tools 9 was that it supported ALL interfaces. Not just Digidesign, which was a big deal. I was using an Mbox1 for mobile recording and they stopped supporting it! They made such a big deal that you could use any interface...and then I couldn't even use THEIR OWN BRAND interface!"
Iceland: Not a Bunch of Pussies™
[deleted]
"Here's my top ten

1. The third man

2. On the waterfront

3. Rear window

4. There will be blood

5.  Godfather 2

6.  Sabrina

7. Blade runner

8. Raiders of the lost ark

9.  Notorious

10. Amadeus"
Beating my high school art teacher at Chess.
"Finally got around to watching this after all this craziness of videos being pulled.

My man... this video is fucking EXCELLENT. I got the chills. Music was spot on!"
Miranda? *Notices she slightly shivered.*
"granted it was a loooong time ago so the formula could easily be entirely different now, but i remember the toner (that I tried on a whim as it was really cheap) was too alcohol-y in smell (and thus, content) for me to want to use regularly.

"
"Christ, I know that feeling too well..."
"Don't use the set then. Nobody is forcing you to "
"&gt; hustle

Push or obtain illegally? Or is there a third meaning I do not know?"
"My Banu Merchantman is going to be Pequad. I also have Osprey picked out for one of my other ships, not sure which one yet though. Probably my Carrak."
RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers
"I've been playing since the beta and when the actual game came out, just to fight off boredom after the first class I made another AND then my third. AFTER that I worked on getting all the subclasses. I would be really BORED AF with the sparse content all this time had I not. How are you a year Oner and NOT done that, is my real question. "
"Yeeeeeeeeeeah. You have a point. "
[removed]
"Good luck everyone. As always. Only bitcoin! "
"Wow. These things are dangerous, but did they really have an effect on people before he could see them?"
FC is in my flair. adding you now!
[deleted]
"Is that the park that used to be Z. Boaz golf course?  I was really disappointed to see a couple years back how that place had been torn up by people off-roading in it.

And happy cake day."
"Thank you...I also converse via crossdressers.com. It's a great place to for sharing with, learning from, and supporting one another in the trans-girl community! Please visit! hugs, Nikki"
"Hmm tens razão, achei que parafilia fosse um termo mais geral, dentro dos limites do saudável. Valeu pela correção."
"We don't have the time or resources to vet everyone. You seemed to be concerned with the safety of others, more than the safety and security of your own countrymen. Unfortunately you have a ""pie in the sky"" view of the world. Surely the world would be a better place if everyone got along, but that's a fantasy. Getting angry at the people who are upset with the migrate crimes, seems to be misplaced blame to me. Are the refugees not responsible to act like civil human beings?"
Oh for FUCKS SAKE
[deleted]
YOU LIKE THAT YOU FUCKING RETARD?!?!
I voted for Kejri in Delhi and Namo at center. BC refund chahiye mujhe
"We should offer the french asylum. "
[Listen to this](https://youtu.be/XK7EUTrUU9c)
[deleted]
I'd argue saying Zac has the best gank pathing in the game tbh.
Suddenly this stat thing worries me.
"Excuse me for saying this, but what the hell is HH saying here and what grade did he get in his homiletics class?"
I don't have to support it because it's at your local DMV. You are required in the USA to know all the information I told you. And for a matter of fact its in EVERY state EXACTLY the same.
"If your on the Panthers side of BOA. Dress very warm and I hear that we will be standing in slush!  It'll be cold. And sun will be down. 

Edit: I suck at Reddit "
"I hope he's fairly cheap too. I'm looking to build a team around Firmino and Candreva if they get IF's. "
lol we're already on the hook for a lot of things no one wants.
"&gt;More importantly, to me, the point of travel us to experience what a normal person living there would

This is just pretentious crap. Nobody visiting NY wants to spend 12 hours in an office and split the other 12 hours between gym, bed, commute, and take-out. I've never seen a tourist to Dubai working as a construction slave.

It's extremely exploitive for you to pretend that you want the ""local experience"" when there are people who actually have to live this life and don't have the option of going back to their comfortable software developer job after a week."
What's the alternative?  Paratroops or just overland from friendly countries when possible.
"Okay, that's some appreciated advice. Do you think I should spread exp over all my characters (ones you mentioned) or should I aim to get one of them to lvl 60 (for example) and then the next, and so on. I'm unsure what other people's leveling strategies are."
[deleted]
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/01/21/you-might-be-among-the-richest-people-in-the-world-and-not-realize-it/) reduced by 91%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; How much of global wealth do these indebted people really represent? I reached out to Tony Shorrocks, the lead author of Credit Suisse&amp;#039;s Global Wealth Databook, and Deborah Hardoon, the lead author of the Oxfam report, which draws on Shorrocks&amp;#039; data.

&gt; The chart below shows how the wealth and debt of the world&amp;#039;s bottom 2.4 billion adults looks graphically, with negative wealth shown in blue and positive wealth shown in red.

&gt; That&amp;#039;s a lot of numbers, but the basic lesson is this: Because global inequality is so extreme, the bottom half of the global wealth distribution is only a tiny amount of the world&amp;#039;s wealth.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/42gyda/you_might_be_among_the_worlds_richest_people_and/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.6, ~29844 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **wealth**^#1 **world**^#2 **people**^#3 **global**^#4 **half**^#5

"
So basically you support them in spirit but you don't attend games because......... Why? Sounds like a fair weather fan base to me
Helps release a bit of stress and any pent up anger one may have from a loss before.
"Optimism in the face of a history of constant lies, disappointment and poor decision making is something akin to insanity."
What do you do?
"If you don't mind me asking, what all are good weapons for the Rev?  I made one last night, but I'm still struggling to really figure out which weapons are best on it.  "
"Leipzig had like half the viewers of Dreamhack Winter didn't it? I remember like 75k viewers during the finals the last time, this time it was around 40k distributed over several streams, group play didn't go above 20k, and most of the playoffs hovered around 25-30k. I wasn't around before LotV launch, so I don't know how that compares to the average numbers last year. Winter might be an outlier because a new expansion had just released."
"I had this happen to me at the very end of Modern Warfare II. The game autosaved with me standing within arm's reach of a flaming oil drum that always exploded within a half second of restarting.  I couldn't sprint away from it before I died and the game also restarted automatically, so all I could do was mash down on the run button before the game restarted.  I got so sick of being automatically blown up and reborn that I just walked away from the TV and made a sandwich with to the sound of myself being killed and reborn helplessly ad nauseum.  "
"Did anyone see the ""One"" promo on ESPN like 30 minutes ago? Gave me the fuckin' shivers, boys. I can't find it anywhere online though. "
"&gt; You wanna talk double standards talk about redditors overreacting to women doing bad things.

Is anyone saying she should be killed or something?"
Comment. Did I do it? Yeah? K.
"An unexpected surprise for us too :) one person brought muffin and an outfit like 2 days pp. they were my favourite person haha muffins are easily eaten with a babe on the boob "
"I started running in high school when I was diagnosed with exercise induced asthma. I had read about how Teddy Roosevelt was diagnosed with asthma, and that he just worked out until it went away, and made a plan to do the same. I only ran maybe 2-5 miles per week in 1 mile intervals at a pretty slow pace, but I was eventually able to get my lung functioning within normal limits. I played sports that only required short sprints (e.g. baseball and football) though so I never really got into longer distance (10-15 mile long runs) running until I was 23 and one of my friends talked me into doing a Tough Mudder, which was going to be ~8 miles. The rest of the group were legit runners (former collegiate cross country runner, another had won a bunch of intermediate distance races) and I sure as hell didn't want to be the guy who slowed them down. So I began running longer and longer distances, and fell in love with it. Well, eventually. I hated running for a long time, but eventually I conditioned myself to hate not running more than I hated running. And somewhere along the line, a switch was flipped and I started to love it.  Right now I'm hovering right around 30 mpw with a weekly long run of 10-11 miles. 

When I lived on the east coast, I remember a couple times during snow storms, I'd shovel a small loop around a local park and just run it constantly. Or worst comes to absolute worst, I'd use a treadmill. Also I completed p90x many years ago, but I'd pull out the plyometrics video if I couldn't get out of my apt and it would always kick my ass.  "
It's not. Thanks EA :)
"I'm not saying those things as a reason for me not liking Jews. I'm saying those things because a lot of anti racist and anti nationalists people seem to love the Jews but hate whites for those same reasons. 

Racism and nationalism is only bad when white people are doing it.... Slavery is only bad when white people use it....."
I'M SIX FEET FROM THE EDGE AND I'M THINKING...
"Yes because being a QB has such an impact on stopping the other teams offense. 

EDIT: and Peyton was the main reason for that great offense."
"It was insanely expensive and nobody wanted to pay for it.

11%  payroll tax and increased income tax to pay for half the plan. The other half was to be paid by the federal govt.
https://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2015/01/25/costs-derail-vermont-single-payer-health-plan/VTAEZFGpWvTen0QFahW0pO/story.html



&gt;To implement single-payer, the analysis showed, it would cost $4.3 billion in 2017, with Vermont taxpayers picking up $2.6 billion and the federal government covering the rest. To put the figures into perspective, Vermont’s entire fiscal 2015 budget, including both state and federal funds, is about $4.9 billion"
senx
Is that Mike Cameron? I forgot he was a Brewer
"&gt; He's in the AFC championship

Not by his own doing."
"It's tough to defend him, he pissed a lot of people off holding out."
"When the first season started. Can you believe I actually clicked on one of those ads? If I had not, I would have missed out on this amazing game. "
"Vintage Peyton Playoff Performance ^tm 

or 

Vintage Peyton Regular Season Performance ^tm

Because I could easily see number 1. "
"I hope so :/ really wanted Sgares to be a part of the c9 coaching staff. But oh well "
"Yeah but the superclusters could be moving away from each other (giving evidence for expansion of the universe), but the galaxies around us are all moving towards our attractor. "
"So jealous! Im gonna bring this into my practice now. "
"""Coach"" Byron Scott"
"I just focus on drawing more power out of the multi attacks. You can call it a ""engine difference"" but at the end of the day it is still the way I *prefer* to run my deck. So yes, I say it's a matter of personal preferance.  
Funny thing is: I didn't really need Skyhowl to beat both Ripple decks I faced yesterday at our local's tournament.  
Besides that, I am from Europe. But I don't have a very high opinion about metas anyways. So that's another issue right there."
What difference does it make that it's f2p?
Oooooo. That was witty.
What. A. Fucking. Joke.
"I'd be damned if lightsaber technique isn't covered. You want to be like Vader? Well, he slaughtered Jedi's for breakfast."
If Bader wins watch them give the title shot to Gus. And I wouldn't even care..
"sliced veal zurich style with swiss hash browns. 
Google translate here."
"Next thing you know they are all coloured blue and have a cape. "
"Found in back of cupboard, no idea what it might be for"
"Say what you will about Watergate, it didn't involve selling arms to competent terrorists and using the profits on incompetent terrorists. "
"According to a video, he's had 3 (now 4) beers in his life. I'm fairly sure that even by the most insane standards, that's not alcoholism."
"1.7.2 works fine, as does 1.8.9 it turns out. Only the snapshots seem to be the issue :("
"&gt; Direct Access is probably the solution you're looking for

That is tangential to the users prime concern - how to operate in a small non-internet connected LAN

In the disconnected 'at the scene' mode Direct Access will provide absolutely no functionality at all."
Get to level 41 so you can build a jetpack on your power armor and so when you encounter suits they will have x-01 armor
"Yea, I have good net, updated the budget, looking not to spend more than 300 if I can get away with it, but I wont bother with semantics like 330 or so"
"ohhh i see, okay so you need to go to your dropbox file, and select my widget, then select the option that says ""open in..."" once you select that there's an option for ifile/filza and it should be in /Documents!"
420%
"I only gave you shit in the second comment, the first one was genuinely trying to provide insight. Then you made a snarky comment so I gave you shit. Maybe if you stopped assuming the worst from strangers and jumping the gun so quick you might be able to work to find your answer more easily. "
"If the TV is 100% biased in one direction and you change 30% of the staff, does it make the station 100% biased in the other direction?

I just want to remind you that it was during the PO rule when guests invited by the journalists were denied entry to the TV building. "
[removed]
Added
Mansions would be nice
Bro that's not cheap
"Uniqlo, Jcrew factory "
"I use X-Grip. Best thing for all the phones I go through:
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00C7B2NV4

They have different ways of mounting it, but i use this:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006ZOW1U2
Mounts to the bolt that holds the front passenger seat down, but there are better options... "
Hey Radar_x I just wanna say I love the game and I check h1z1 dev tracker every day and today I noticed your posts arent showing up on the tracker you might wanna fix that so people that read the tracker get all the info u guys wanna share.
came home with Blatt's head
"My bad i guess; in my native language ""mental issues "" is an ""heavy"" insult/situation."
"People explained what S.A.D. was, but since no one said the acronym its ""seasonal affective disorder""."
"Clegane, no doubt "
"Same here. When your parents often tell you how many euros they have to spend on you and how many other nice things they could have done for that money and that therefore you should show gratitude but that they love you nonetheless cause after all they are your parents and its their duty to love you.... well, it messes you up...."
37 years old... nice
I agree to all of these and have never understood people who spend $20-40 a week on NAILS!!! Exposing yourself to those chemical fumes  is crazy.
"Of course it should, afk=afk"
I enjoy the fine tuning you can do with the Steam Controller configurations.
They're just itchy
When you put your order in remember to use Reddit10 for 10% off ;)
i dont know a single person that likes ray lewis who isnt a ravens fan
"I dislike applying the term ""successful"" to a theory because it is so annoyingly vague, but it has been claimed that the various consequences of QM have been more rigorously tested than anything else in human history."
You don't have to be a Fine Gaeler to make jokes about Sinn Fein/the IRA...
"Even easier, look for the white reticule which indicates you can place it "
No
"Well what do you know... Proportionally, the [stats](http://mind314.github.io/europeusers/) I pulled for /r/europe were very VEEEEERY accurate.... "
"The Ft. Worth zoo is better than Dallas'. Although, if you are in the area you should go to Fossil Rim. "
"Lol Yay! Thank you for hosting a contest! I can't believe no one else entered. It was so fun to finally use those colors I never dip into. Pm'ing you now! "
The dude is obviously a troll.  It's best to just ignore him...
Who cares. Maybe blacks do have a dispropotionate ammount of good actors for some reason.
[deleted]
"Ya, he's going full blown Matt Serra."
"Oooh... it doesn't work on mobile. I had seen this before, with no animation, and I thought it was just because I didn't see it on the actual author's website. But I'm pretty sure it's because I'm on my phone. "
[deleted]
"You're comparing legal businesses to uber, which operates in a legal grey area. Once uber drivers start insuring themselves properly, then you can compare them to Netflix. Until then, they're just a torrent site. "
"Apparently its because U/joeykrug is to cheap. I am not being offensive in any way but thats his and u/tinybike words. "
Batteries are pretty toxic...
Yawn. They hate me over there.
[deleted]
"I agree that Broncos fans are generally pretty chill, but I do not care for John Elway at all. I don't like Talib or Peyton too much either."
" &gt;Ive tried meeting people online just to talk, but it doesn't really work, they might stick around for a while, but then they eventually fade away anywhere from a few weeks to a few months later.

....this is exactly what happens in real life aswell. Does every friendship work out? No. Do all friends stick around forever? No. Id be willing to bet the majority of people on here arnt in everyday contact with many if any people they've known for more than a year or so besides family. In todays world you literally have the world at your fingertips between smartphones and computers. It is easier to meet new and friendly people than ever before. Just like real life not all virtual friendships will work out and stick around, ya gotta find the right ones also like real life. At this point in my life the oldest relationship I have with someone Im in contact with on a somewhat normal basis is with a friend I met online like 5-6 years ago haha. Get back out there (online)! Try different message boards, different websites, theres literally so many places to meet people online. I recommend /r/kindvoice anytime you really just want to talk to someone and have them listen. You might make some good friends there. Best of luck! Hope you feel better."
"I definitely don't consider it *the* saddest scene of 2015 for me, but I'll be damned if I didn't almost cry over Mark Watney's ruined potatoes. They're fucking *potatoes*, sure, but goddamn..."
*Dry heaves*
"I don't have cable, so I haven't seen any Zellner footage yet.  Anyone have a link to her interview?  Please and thank you."
I think it is an interesting concept but confuses me :/
Tanks for the opportunity!
Love my SC2!
"I started with a zmr250, and I'm guiding my cousin through building his first using a zmr kit. Big fan, takes a huge beating.

I'm also a huge fan of the qav210. You can get a knockoff for cheap and they're durable and fast. "
"&gt; It's the Grape Pumpkin, Charlie Brown! `--Linus`

A Grumpkin.

I hope you have a viable seed or two..."
itttttttttttzzzzz relooooooooaaaaded.
"Hi emailanimal, Thanks for the information."
"Yes I am, also ran Epic on a Pure array.  PM me if there is something specific you want to know."
My school requires it and the government fines me if I don't have health insurance.
"Most of these type of stats are dumb. 

"
"See you at the national BVSGAD meeting "
"""The job may not be entirely legal."""
"
Like this story and want to be notified when a story is posted?

Reply with: Subscribe: /JackFragg

Already tired of the author?

Reply with: Unsubscribe: /JackFragg
_____
Don't want to admit your like or dislike to the community? [click here](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=HFYsubs&amp;subject=subscribe&amp;message=subscribe%20/u/JackFragg) and send the same message.
_____
If I'm broke Contact user 'TheDarkLordSano' via PM or IRC
[I have a wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/tools/hfysubs)
"
"I'd just like to point out Veterans and Stormtroopers cannot take Heavy Stubbers, they only exist as vehicle upgrades. Still pretty nice for a 5 point upgrade though."
"Saw your other posts and I guess I misunderstood what you were looking for. Sorry about that. Go with the TGM command that was suggested, infinite supplies and you won't die if you fall off the roof of your ten floor masterpiece while trying to run wires around."
"No, unfortunately.  Hope they went for help."
"Facebook -- FUCKING MEMES, all the god damn time"
"Safe, legal, free and on-demand. "
"Good Form, pupper"
Did you know you can boost when flying or swimming?
"You slimy bastard, destroying my inbox for karma."
Sure. Add me on steam.
"He's a long-time veteran owner now. He's growing and it will only make the team ""buy-in"" to what the staff is saying that much easier. All parts of an organization need to grow, and it all starts with the owner."
"sounds like they're really human beings, huh.

Josie's just... a little behind methinks"
"You can do something similar to this:

    ---
    # Simple command to remove a post and tell the user to post in hall of fame.
    moderators_exempt: false
    type: comment
    author:
        is_moderator: true
    is_top_level: true
    body (ends-with, regex): [""^!(hof|team|faq|lms|lts|skin|extended|cheat|chat|shout|videos|raga)""]
    action: remove
    action_reason: ""Remove post {{match-2}}""
    parent_submission:
        action: report
        set_flair: [""{{match-2}}"", ""comment-removed-{{match-2}}""]
        overwrite_flair: true
    ---
    # Above, continued.
    type: submission
    reports: 1
    flair_css_class: ""comment-removed-hof""
    action: remove
    action_reason: ""Hall of Fame""
    moderators_exempt: false
    comment: |
            Please post your high scores in the [/r/Agario Hall of Fame](https://www.reddit.com/r/Agario/comments/355oui/agario_hall_of_fame/).
            
            *This action, though automated by a bot, was triggered manually by a moderator.*

To add words, just change what's in the brackets in the first section `(hof|team|etc)` and then add a corresponding additional section (***one for each word!***) looking for `flair_css_class: ""comment-removed-wordgoeshere""`"
"The show sure got awkward after Andy Dick showed up. "
"Zumiez is a good way to get your name out there though. Even if you decide to pull out and take it to local places. "
Thanks for the advice!
I read that as squid omg.
"I always hate watching the 76ers and Lakers play. The young guys play so hard to get the W but the tank won't let them, kind of heartbreaking to watch really."
I use loonion in m2. Lots of sweet 16 hour shields. Lots and lots and lots. If I have a busy day and can't attack for 48 hours I only get attacked 3 times.
I wanna see more of that tripod. Is it wired with a beacon? or what's it for?
"He's just old, and I'm not sure if he fits into our high-pressing system that well. He can whip in a hell of a cross, but our system requires our wingers to be back and forth, up and down the field all game. I just don't think his legs can handle it."
Mine was 1022** and I got shipping confirmation!
Hyperbole at it's finest.
"At first your comment upset me a lot and I even deleted my own post, but now I realize that you are extremely correct. I'm going to learn how to discipline myself and I will be better. Thanks for the slap in the face."
20/14 beeeitch
"Hey hey, I joined up doing the frontend for KW a month or so ago. This is an issue we've been trying to tackle - with a few different ideas. Considered a hint button that shows you the first kana characters (but that would not be helpful with 外国人 &amp; 外人 for example, so we dropped the idea). 

Our upcoming solution is to add an 'ignore (this) answer' button &amp; allowing user *answer* synonyms soon - which can be added during reviews on the fly. So you can at least add 近日 to 間もなく at the point where you get it wrong in reviews. It'll be added to your user's vocab item on KW, and you can avoid the srs hit by ignoring that particular incorrect answer submission. We'll leave it up to the user which english meanings they consider to have particular multiple 漢字 answers. Personally, I need 女の子、女子、少女 connected despite slight nuance difference (but someone else might not!).

Vocab items are *already* combined and accept both answers if they share the exact same base meaning on WK (父親 &amp; お父さん for example)."
That was written.
Thanks for the new wallpaper friend!
Anything and everything for you.  I just want to get my mouth on you.
Those are odd hours for a playground O.o
http://www.tyan.com/Motherboards_S7050_S7050GM4NR is being sold also for around 200 bucks. Got a fresh mint condition one
I think Vertigo would be fun.
"Is this even news?  There is nothing over there.  

Edit:  There are at least 12 people over there I guess.  Oh wow 13 now. "
I have. Some pictures in my post today.
"I'm calling dibs on REAVT for those that misspell their searches for REACT^TM

EDIT: I may as well also claim REAKT for people that mispronounce it since I think voice searches are on the rise"
Hit by a car crossing a highway. Doctors told me the only reason I survived was because I was drunk. Only reason I got hit was because I was drunk. Being drunk simultaneously almost killed me and saved my life.
"If I may interject, I'd recommend 3U most of all only because the plethora of unique and different (for a 4U hunter) monsters would be a fantastic change of pace. Lots of water monsters and brute wyverns and some fantastic volcanic beasts, they really feel a lot more organic that their older-series counterparts."
"To what end? 
1. Item
2. Item"
"*She orgasms again as he fills her up, squealing with Dwight. She slowly pulls him out of her ass.*

""Ooh...oh fuck, that was good."""
They where talking about Darth Maul dude...
"Okay...all are missing on Vici, they go for a gank on a very tanky Gyro near the tower on bot with only 2 heros? A naga and a BM? How do they ever kill gyro there? Even without 4 hero support.

The best case scenario is Gryo pops his bkb and they get away safely with naga sleep, worst case scenario those other missing 4 heroes come in and wipe them. "
Another fascinating statistic from the PIDOMA Institute. (Pulled It Directly Out of My Ass)
"When we're dealing with a team that put up crazy points and then gives up a ton in garbage time? Yeah, I wouldn't touch under."
No I don't. Just wish I could move over there thats all I meant. Sorry it came across as weird!
"This is actually even more interesting once you dig into genetics research. Hair color has been proven to be a lot more complicated than punnett squares can work out and people aren't exactly sure why. Both it and eye color are really confusing once you get down to dominant/recessive. 

I'm going to throw myself out here: One of my brothers has black hair, I have dark brown, my sister has a lighter brown, and my other brother is sort of dishwater blond/brownish. Those are all various shades of a similar color, true -- but my second brother was born platinum blonde and it darkened over the course of his life, and neither of my parents are blonde. 

For Hinoka and Sakura it's very easy to say that their hair is just two different shades of the same color, and that could be affected by all sorts of environmental factors. People who are out in the sun more tend to have lighter hair because it gets sun-bleached. Could that also explain the difference between Takumi and Ryouma? (Not really, but part of the gimmick of animu is that the characters need to be easily distinguishable.)"
"Reddit isn't first instinct, banking is :o"
God damn Twitter handles in titles. Why?
"This post was automatically flagged for moderator review due to your account being a brand new Reddit account and will not show up on the index until it is reviewed. A moderator should review this post, allow it on the index, and remove this message within 15 minutes. If it's not, please don't hesitate to contact a moderator of /r/swtor for assistance.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/swtor) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Contrast that to the people who weren't around for the veigodx times and say incarnation deserved second chance etc etc, if he were a us citizen caught ddosing, he could have faced up to a maximum of five years in prison on top of the general assholery.  Not saying that Jensen doesnt deserve the second chance he got because he has shown that he does, but people change.  Especially when they get out of those years"
Yeah. Hit up http://beta.apple.com and sign up. You'll be able to update to 9.3b2 in less than a minute
"Is anyone else sorta...Not thrilled about the grass sword as a plot item? 

I honestly really liked it at first, it was a new addition to Finn's character and it had a personality itself. 

But now, it's an uncontrollable get out of jail free card that just shows up when Finn is screwed. It takes away from the writing rather than adding to it. I mean that's twice now that it's saved Finn from a situation where he's basically screwed. 

I like the sword as an addition and extension of Finn. I don't like it as a save the day plot device that isn't getting any real development. "
Well Shinn beat him that one time.......................God I hate David Tyree....
"That's my favorite. "
They always go full hard mode in groups then fall apart in playoffs.
https://www.reddit.com/r/GGFreeForAll/comments/437xp3/something_of_substance_for_once/czh9usk
ping means dealing 1 damage. (the minimun) not hero powers or any other means.
"I mean, the repetition and use of short sentences and simple words is a strategy that is apparently working. I'm not sure if you were implying he was an idiot or anything, but he is really quite a smart salesman. Morally bankrupt of course, but smart nonetheless. "
Silver comes right after gold!
If people like something there will generally be more of that thing.
"One of my favourite comics. When I'm introducing myself to nonlinguists I say that I'm a linguist, and I've ""studied over 50 languages but speak none of them— because I'm looking at their structure not learning how to speak them."" It gets an awkward chuckle usually."
"Yeah and he didn't use any punctuation marks either. He's an old guy so maybe that's why? 

Spanish seems like a really beautiful language though! I inexplicably feel drawn towards it. Putting learning it on my bucket list right now. "
"Thank you kindly "
"Hey! Something I can answer!

I just (like 10 minutes ago), tried the Passion Party Pure Satisfaction gel, and oh. My. Goodness. Within about 30 seconds I could already feel my clit getting tingly. I used my We-Vibe Tango, and was able to get off within 2 minutes or so... Usually it takes a bit longer for me when I am only using my Tango.

Next: to try it with the boy-thing *fingers crossed*

YMMV."
Tom Cruise.
"I did this with the purifier, and it downright sucks against the mannequins "
"&gt; Some of Gronk's hightlights against the Colts include 23 receptions on 32 targets for 375 yards and 8 Touchdowns.

What are the rest of the highlights?"
[deleted]
[removed]
I guess my boyfriend was trying to be kind when we were sleeping restlessly a few weeks ago and cover me with blankets. In my sleep I started kicking and complaining that I can't regulate my body temperature unless I have a leg out...
"It gets better!  Don't give up.  "
God... We were audited last year. Nightmare
"Ah, neat!"
"You're right. Sorry, I should have expanded.

I think modern Western society is sexist. I don't think misogynist would be the right word to apply. Calling modern Saudi society misogynist is a slam dunk, no problem, but not the West.

The article I linked describes how ""misogynist"" has been diluted somewhat by its use, and I think that's why you've heard people call modern Western society ""deeply misogynist."""
[deleted]
"# **부르면 갑니다 머슴아들 9회 토렌.트 160130 9화 torrent 다운로드 다시보기 **

1080p MKV 다시보기 부르면 갑니다 머슴아들 9회 토렌.트 160130 9화 토렌.트 토렌 Torrent Comprehensive 720p HD

부르면 갑니다 머슴아들 9회 토렌.트 160130 9화 torrent 다운로드 다시보기 

파일 받기 : [다시보기 부르면 갑니다 머슴아들 9회 토렌.트 160130 9화 Torrent](http://kal23.kastay.com/9/43g)

.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.


.

.

.




다시보기 부르면 갑니다 머슴아들 9회 토렌.트 160130 9화 토렌.트 토렌 Torrent DVD 1080p 720p HD Full HD DVD 1080p MKV

다시보기 부르면 갑니다 머슴아들 9회 토렌.트 160130 9화 토렌.트 토렌 토렌 Torrent Comprehensive 720p HD 다시보기 부르면 갑니다 머슴아들 9회 토렌.트 160130 9화 토렌.트 토렌 토렌.트"
"Its a movie. Events will be dramatized.  
Also, the MEA version (where govt. officials are portrayed as awesome is also not 100% true)..the grand-daughter of one Mr. Matthew who organized a large portion of the Indian community in Kuwait during the Airlift took to FB before the movie's release and posted photographs of some news reports of that time (would have linked it but FB links are not allowed)  
 
So yeah, the truth is somewhere in between. Perhaps the MEA should try focusing on more important matters?
"
"&gt;You do realize that statement is aimed towards lay christians right?

Yes.  Hence asking christians on reddit.  There are virtually no clergy on here and no clergy responded.

&gt;The people who frequent here aren't the demographic I had in mind. 

Then you are confused about what laity is.

&gt;It's a common belief that Christians go to heaven, when in reality the bible teaches of a bodily resurrection on a renewed earth.

I think your view fails.  Both here and everywhere else.

Read the post.
"
"I'm not sure what we could meaningfully work on together given the distance, but it's not a bad idea in theory. "
"&gt; That is unfortunately as exciting as it gets at ChaosForge :/

Surely you'll have more to share soon enough, right? ;)"
[deleted]
[removed]
look it up; the finale of the first apprentice season had 28 million viewers
Had absolutely no context. Looked up the scene on YouTube. Bawled like a baby at the 3 minute clip. Thanks.
"hi do you mind if you share your story? very interested in how you switched from sciency bio to programming and how you went about it.
thanks."
Thanks I'll check it out!
Inspired by Algenol much?
It's just awesome like it is in the pic! What style do you wear at weekends though?
And in 60 years you will be a monster by the then current cultural standards as well.
"I was watching American psycho when that article hit made Jared Letos death even more satisfying "
I'm pretty sure there was a formal announcement that both of them were reprising their roles for the Killing Joke animated movie that's being worked on currently.
"
#### Off Topic Comment Section ####

---

This comment acts as a discussion area for the prompt. All **non-story** replies should be made as a reply to this comment rather than as a top-level comment.

This is a feature of /r/WritingPrompts in testing. For more information, click [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/351ym4/ot_rwritingprompts_new_feature_in_testing/).
"
"Recently I've been very back and forth on exactly how much life is worth, if all life is equal, and whether it has any value at all outside of ethics."
Thanks so much for your post!
This depends on how much .money you have and who gives you a character reference.
Yeah they're cool but canvas looks cheap on the aj1 body and it's a total rip of the shadows. This is for the brokebois out there lol I'd rather not deal with the roasting that people will give you for thesr
Thanks!  I hope people find it useful.
Not the bees!
"My Monado tattoo, done at Tribal Rites Tattoos &amp; Piercings by the amazing artist Liana. "
Did you see your pcp? I would go see a neurologist as these sound very neuro related.
Tom Cruise.
"[part 2](https://streamable.com/curk)

[part 3](https://streamable.com/8fyu)

[here is the decision](https://streamable.com/b1gp)


this fight was close i personally thought gadelha won 29-28 "
"Got curious about watermelon flavoring. Found this:
&gt;Most recently, a study identified a single molecule – dubbed “watermelon aldehyde” – that has a very distinct watermelon aroma [4]. Unfortunately (or fortunately, depending on your perspective), the molecule is too unstable to be used as a food additive. So for now, artificially flavored “watermelon” products will just have to keep on tasting nothing like watermelon."
"Sephiroth would likely beat the 1st Godzilla, but not the others. Heisei and beyond regen too fast and hit too hard."
That would have been great for business for nearly 30 years until the KKK was blackballed by those...other guys
It's a really fun game that I enjoy :T
"Fiona Stanley has cost more than the Quay and the stadium combined and I would wager the vast majority of Perth residents will never step foot inside of it.

Part of being a citizen is that sometimes your taxes go towards stuff you don't give a shit about because other people do give a shit about it."
bernie is not TAKING SUPER PAC $$$. nobody is saying bernie is obama so you can't compare the two and ... uhhh ok so you don't trust bernie but you trust TRUMP who just says what's good for BUSINESS? http://www.vox.com/2016/1/29/10868392/stephen-colbert-debate-donald-trump
"What I'm saying is, the VGC officials would rather have an over-centralized metagame where you can choose any Pokemon you want (barring legionaries depending on the year, or event legendaries) than have a creative field where you are not allowed to use fan-favorites. 

Imagine how it would hurt brand for am iconic pokemon Charizard or Pikachu was not allowed in the an official battle.  Pokemon like these often hold lots of nostalgic value because they are some pokemon that people own and train. 

For the average Pokemon player today, or atleast to whom the Pokemon brand is being directed towards, it's not Charizard that holds value to them. But Pokemon like Greninja (Gen 6) or Blaziken (Gen 6). I remember when I was 11 and with my first Pokemon game, I wouldn't have a team *without* an Empoleon because Empoleon had value to me. 

I'm arguing from a ""brand"" perspective, and If I was on their decision board and had to make the best economic decision I'm pretty sure I'd favor catering to kids more than catering to the competitive community."
What is your Isando build?
"Great, great atty choice for the noisy cricket. Props dude. I use the larger alliance cut (not mutation style) airflow wide open, high coils. Flavor is fantastic on simple series builds in there. Def recommend using that delrin wide bore if you like your teeth though, lol, that atty is tall and I've misjudged it a couple times. "
"Oh sorry, I knew I forgot something. I also add in veggies to the lunches. As for fruit, I typically have 1-2 pieces a day depending on what's in the tea room at work. Thanks for the concern though!"
"Hello.  I used these plugins:
http://oxidemod.org/plugins/portals.1234/
http://oxidemod.org/plugins/sign-artist.992/

The server is Bloodtribes (Modded) if you want to try it out!"
"is the it cosmetics naturally pretty palette still available? if so, would you be willing to do $25?"
I like the cut of your hair.
"&gt; I didn't say you do. I was commenting on the general behavior.

I know. Just making a point.

&gt; But to go into peoples' post history

Again, stupid thing that shouldn't happen. Unfortunately that's Reddit, and by extension, the Internet for you. 

&gt; I don't candy coat my words for anyone. If that earns me downvotes here, so be it.

That's fine. Just my advice if you want to avoid downvotes, 



"
Read this in CrazyRussianHacker's voice
[removed]
All the broken shit. Don't do this.
seriously. Not to mention good luck finding a bank willing to lend to you without having been in business for two years first. You either need to be rich or have a rich uncle to start a business these days. Even SBA you have to sign away your life and then you still need to have been open for 2 years
"2^74,207,281 -1 is the largest discovered prime number thus far which is cool. It starts with a 3."
"Wikipedia it, you'll see."
Why don't you just email some professors and see if they are taking new grad students? Some programs will take anyone just for the free labor before you take your cumulatives and get an MS (before continuing to the PhD).
"Great post. Yeah, build up your skills cold approaching. It will help you with online dating (or even speed dating) later because you will do better on the actual dates."
"&gt; Exactly what I'd expect from Nixxes.

Nixxes is why I will wait for performance reviews.  I have an Nvidia card and I know Nixxes record of kneecapping Nvidia cards in their ports."
"Like I just said.. The design does not translate well to the Plus. "
"Let's not oversell, we did give Ray Ray a job"
[deleted]
"Klingberg &gt; Byfuglien.  
Wheeler &gt; Toews.  
Allen &gt; Rinne.  "
Post your own face friend.
[deleted]
Isn't there a music video for this
"&gt;I'd suggest doing your Ognevoi grind in ranked

I started doing that this morning, and it has made a world of difference - thank you for that sugestion!
"
"You did down. "
"Fucking spoiled it for me. Now I know that R2D2 is his father, how lame."
"Let's just cancel elections and do whatever Obama's feefee's are saying that day.  
Yay! Fuck congres! Fuck democracy!  
http://i.imgur.com/rDG0hM1.jpg"
Just reading the mission statement makes your source suspect.  Not to mention the entire article has two sources.
"but, too be clear, that documentary sucked ass."
"Not all characters have to be ""believable and complex"", IMHO. Some can be idealized if their purpose is really to be a paragon in contrast with the other terrible characters. Like in Little Dorrit for example."
All migrant groups tend to self segregate. South Asians have better English language ability than East Asian immigrants though and that allows them to fit in better.
they do if you're playing air supply
EASILY yes.
Must be from Fresno.
"Congrats on getting the game and playing for the last seven days~I visited your town and hopefully my advice will be good. Yes, this will be one heck of a comment to read!
~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~
First off, I do not know what kind of overall appearance/atmosphere you are trying to achieve. **I think it is super important and helps to have a town theme of some sort. Towns that a certain aesthetic and follow the aesthetic for the outdoor and house designing of all rooms of all houses built are more pleasing to look at** . If you visit a lot of good &amp; famous dream addresses, you will see why! It adds personality and uniqueness, plus it makes the town look neat! **Do you have a town image or theme in mind?**  If not, try thinking of what kind of towns you want to design and establish first. Based on what kind of theme or appearance you are going for, I will tell you if the flag is good. 

I hope you like the current name of the town, the town fruit (what is your town fruit by the way?), town map, town map, mayor character + save file character's face look &amp; name. because you cannot change these once you have started the game unless you start over again. Im assuming you are happy with the things I just mentioned!

The retail store should be placed as close to the top of the map as possible but the most ideal place for the retail store is where your fountain is so that visitors can easily buy or sell things at your retail shop (reece and cyrus). However you made the town already so I guess you cant really change the placement. Aside form the retail or cafe, a decent sized pwp should not be built there. In the top right corner area (where your fountain is), you can build a water well, street lamp, and/or a hammock. I think it would be nice if you placed a fountain right in front of the town hall :D


 I like your town map and how you placed all of villager homes on one side of the town and left the other side room for pwps + landscaping. However, looking at your map, I would have put all the villagers home in the side of town across the river, without the town hall. Your current placement of villlager homes is interesting so you can keep it the way it is if you like :D

Are the current villagers your dreamies? Dreamies are villagers you want to stay in your town forever and never move out! 

~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~
**One of the most important part of your town is the path layout** It is good to place paths so that you can see everything while walking on it.

I do not really find your current path qr pattern design attractive but that is just my preference. There are many good ones online and depending on what kind of town you are going to create, I can recommend good ones for you!

Do not lay any paths on the cobble stone area in front of the train station, town hall, retail, and the plaza. Theres that awkward one square where you cant lay paths and it doesnt make it look nice. 

 Also place paths where the paths can fully cover the ground, without spaces in between (like the path placing at the edges of the top right corner where your fountain is. Erase that path and move it one square away from the edges so that it looks better and you can plant flowers on any edges along the lake/river &amp; ponds in your town). The path placement along side river where Gwen's house and the bridge is good. 

How many public works project are you going to build in total, where are you going to place them, and which ones are you building? Depending on if you are going to build the maximum number of pwps, which pwps and where are you going to build them, you might want to choose a single or double path.

You currently have a single spaced path, but this is a double path: https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/d8/3c/53/d83c534defee19500a2339e7c9f795d0.jpg&amp;imgrefurl=https://www.pinterest.com/bless2bhome/acnl-path-codes/&amp;h=240&amp;w=400&amp;tbnid=nR4LpwJHxb1QQM:&amp;docid=agalBD8s_foM1M&amp;ei=f1KNVpXKKcnTjAOZwI3gBA&amp;tbm=isch&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjVhdPA3pXKAhXJKWMKHRlgA0wQMwhaKB4wHg 

Whether you choose to lay down a single or double path (like in the picture in the link above), but especially for single space/ tile path, it is always good to border the path with trees, bushes, and flowers. 

Since your villager homes are spaced out, try not to paths right next to their houses, especially just only on  one side like you did to Paula and Quillson's house.  Border their houses with flowers first and then lie down path next to it. The paths around most of your villager's home are good except for Ruby. Erase all of the path squares on the left side of Ruby's house. Erase the path square on the right side of Ruby's house and place it to the edge of the river. 
~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~
**Next to path layout, qr design is landscaping/gardening** Once you have decided &amp; built your pwps, alot of the designing of town has to do with planting trees, bushes, and flowers + where they are planted &amp; their arrangements! It adds a great deal of  depth and dimension  to the town! I recommend visiting these three dream addresses first.

**Clambake** 5100-4022-5551 fall town

**Random** 5300-5944-9705 (winter) awesome landscaping &amp; house decor, beautiful path!

**Mushroom** 5000-6175-9319 Love the way the grouped flowers by colors and mixed different types together so well :) Its a tastefully colorful and vibrant town! 


Dream addresses to look at . . .


**famous**  https://www.reddit.com/r/DreamCrossing/comments/3xj7m8/dreamer_famous_dream_addresses/   (you will see some really cool ones, I promise!)

**my favorites** https://www.reddit.com/r/DreamCrossing/comments/3xr16p/share_my_favorite_dream_addresses_to_visit/

~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~
Building a bridge in front of Yotsuba's house is not the best. There's not enough walk way/path long enough to get to the bridge. I would delete the bridge and just stick with one bridge for your town since I dont see where you could build the second bridge with your current placing of homes and town map. 

As for house designing, I leave that for last and seen several plays who leave it for last as well. Unless you already know what kind of aesthetic your town will have. 

~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~

I tried to give as much critique and advice as possible! I cant wait to see the complete town version and what kind of town you are going to make!

Thank you for offering to visit my dream address (**Dream code 5400-6125-5391**)! My town is finished (fully landscaped, house decorated, etc) and I will not making any changes. After your visit, please leave me feed back in the link provided **Click on the link and read the description in the text box when you visit as well!** Have a good day and thanks in advance . . .

https://www.reddit.com/r/DreamCrossing/comments/3w9wcy/share_come_visit_the_complete_town_of_hibiscus/

My town is supposed to be set in the summer where all the hibiscus bushes are blooming but I accidentally saved it in October while I was time traveling.
"
[deleted]
"That is absolutely correct. I dont want to merry Elizabeth or Mary, I'l go for JOHN! "
"It's about the justice system, not this one case and it's outcome. What happened in this case, regardless of guilt, isn't how the law is laid out and intended. If he is re-tried and found guilty, it won't change my thought about the corruption throughout the system.
"
"[Redemption playoffs](https://youtu.be/LQ0UOxrcS2Q) here ya go

Edit: this is what I was referring to as far as the Broncos go...in their house, in the playoffs, I want this so bad."
"Hmm Interesting. How did you know the size of the belt to use? Also so for the plinth I was confused, did you guys carve that block yourselves or did you outsource that to another shop?

Also how much did you say it weighed?"
The fact that they both look old and bent over is what makes this awesome.  This is quite an accurate portrayal of the slowest light saber duel in the franchise!
"Haven... we opened for a lot of bands on their tours (Stryper, Faster Pussycat, etc...)"
"Ah, I don't know. We didn't go when we visited, but it appears to be a well-liked zoo."
these kids will one day realize that niggers are simple animals. they'll realize it when their sheltered lives get effected by unruly teens
R/thathappen
I have been looking for this image!  Thanks!
"I am on my 3rd semester of 5. I am taking:
Population Health 2 (Essentially med/surg)
Professional Nursing 2
Pharmacology 2
Palliative Care Elective
Clinicals for both Population and Professional
Foundations of Religion and Faith.

It should be a nice and easy semester for me.... but we will find out if that is true soon enough :)"
[deleted]
"Easy there, Drax."
" ∞"
"upvoted, should find pretty fast"
He was in Brooklyn 99.
"I'm on the pet therapy list so hopefully I'll have a friend stop by soon. "
"My husband won't use it unless it's an absolute necessity. "
"so? did you make that 1,500 euro PC from scratch? 

this isn't against the rules of reddit?? I don't really understand what your problem is with this post"
I'm glad we're on the same page about this.
"1.C. johnson
2.faulk
3.bush
4.spiller
5.D. johnson

i would put Barry Sanders in there but i never tried him out yet"
Hi David! What can the average human do to support conservation?
"I don't doubt the veracity of what you are saying, but my opinion differs from yours in this circumstance: I found ASoIaF rather uninteresting myself and didn't read past the second book, whereas I found Gardens of the Moon highly addictive and a great breath of fresh air in what seemed to be a staling genre (likely my poor choice of authors/series, but that leads to my point) hence why I found the above quote rather applicable in a humorous way; it's all a matter of opinion :)"
"Are you me?

Edit: actually though I'm about 5 months ahead of you in time, almost exact same situation and feelings. It's a hard thing to explain to people but the unconditional love eases the pain more than any other substance or distraction in the world. "
"As a woman, career is usually interrupted. Get used to young kids being your boss. They act like the blank space in your resume was you doing nothing, taking care of home and family is apparently worthless as a working experience. (!!!)

My mom was the main breadwinner of our Mormon home in the 80's; she was never home and competitive, but she always complained that she felt like they wanted her to be at home &amp; they wanted to give men promotions because they believed men had the financial responsibility and she was just working for her own pleasure or whatever. Little did they know my dad was useless."
"It's not tedious at all. Most modern light boards have a way of doing all the math for you once you give it the starting address, channel, amount and type of fixture. They even do most of the animation work for you, you just have to make sure the size fits the ""wall"". In this case, it looks like it was wired poorly, given the constant flickering."
because most computer mice are for right hands
"Just googling really quick. That isn't true.

Cuba has many political parties though only one is allowed to rule. China has 9. NK (despite not being communist in any real way) has 3. Mozambique had and still does have a fuckton. And if you wanna lump in socialist states here, Venezuela has a smattering of different parties, for a while Chile was the first country to elect a Marxist, Indonesia had several parties, and so on and so forth."
yes. one reason. Cumberbatch
"Vanda Taupradist is a ""Senior Intern"" according to her linkedin profile.  "
"She just moved to Los Angeles last month. "
Something about the ground seems off.
"Women got the right to vote 50 years after Black men.  In MANY countries around the world, you can still beat your wife with impunity.  And lol @ public shamings and floggings for beating your wife, this is so far the exception and not the rule that you should be ashamed to lean on it for your argument.  Your ""research"" is about as one sided and strawman as it comes.  "
"I think the reason some of the fights felt rushed was that, in the 4v4 stages, they wanted to avoid having main characters get knocked out (All of team RWBY and JNPR were still standing at the end of their 4v4s). And having the an entire team of main characters beat up on one last opponent isn't a great resolution, so we get Yang and Neptune getting triples and Nora doing a quad to resolve the fight without having main characters get eliminated and while keeping the fight competitive throughout."
"That was hilarious. If I was forced to play the same guy for hours, I think I'd laugh too. "
"My dad often says this when he stubs his toe or is otherwise upset: ""me cago en la concha de tu hermana en bicicleta""

translation: I shit in your sister's pussy while shes rides a bicycle "
"&gt; **I think** was somewhere around current Luffy's/Doflamingo's.

Luffy would have a good chance of winning only if my assumptions were true, which they definitely can be (For example, Whitebeard failed to stab Aokiji with haki. IF they theory that you need your haki to be near the logia user's that you're trying to hit to actually hit him was true, then it's possible that Whitebeard's haki is on par with Luffy's at the moment)."
"By definition, yes, because the definition allows for other states to co-exist, or not, with faith. By definition, you can have complete or partial faith. But, the reverse is true - by definition, you can have faith with doubt.

http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/faith

1 allegiance to duty or a person :  loyalty b (1) :  fidelity to one's promises (2) :  sincerity of intentions

2 belief and trust in and loyalty to God (2) :  belief in the traditional doctrines of a religion b (1) :  firm belief in something for which there is no proof (2) :  complete trust

3 something that is believed especially with strong conviction; especially :  a system of religious beliefs &lt;the Protestant faith&gt;

Middle English feith, from Anglo-French feid, fei, from Latin fides; akin to Latin fidere to trust — more at bide

First Known Use: 13th century
"
this started happening to me like 2 months ago. now like once a week some ramdom girl sends me a request.  its weird
I'm not ready for this.
So this building can burn for hours without falling... Yet the world trade centers burn for an hour and collapse at free fall speed. Seems legit.
Never thought id feel bad for will smith
"Shhhhh! I've done it twice now, and it has gone under the radar!"
"I got WiFi working with an 8.1 driver. There were still some unknown devices and I was sick of it, so I put windows 10 on there. "
you apparently didn't watch interstellar.
"&gt;However he doesn't actually do anything to reject the null hypothesis that shadowstats methodology is still correct.

He shows that the elaborate methodology results in a simple CPI+3 followed up with 'charge non-statisticians $89 for simple addition'."
"I don't know much the price will drop though. Guess we may find out more in the AMA later. The top questions will certainly be on the price and what their plans are for the future (ie, are their goals to focus on lowering the price or to maintain the price but improve performance).

I grew up in the 80s and remember how much stuff used to cost. If you adjust for inflation, the Rift is roughly the same price as the NES when it came out in the US in '85. You'll need a killer computer too, but it would still cost less than what high-end personal computers cost back then when adjusted for inflation.

Just like back then, being an early adopter is expensive. I hope the price will drop in the future so more people can enjoy high quality VR experiences."
Correct me if I'm wrong but be careful with looking left or right while squatting or deadlifting because it can really stress or tweak your spine
A mistake a typo away... +/u/dogetipbot dogecar verify
After taxes and shipping it's closer to $700 than to $600.
"I got a message from steam support this morning that 1 of my copies  had to be refunded due to an issue with my paypal account when purchasing.  I'm pretty sure it was one I gave to a family member but I wanted to message you to let me know if you have any issues with the copy I sold you so I can refund you if needed.  Just wanted to be proactive about it so you don't think I was scamming you if a problem arises. "
"my dealer is this kinda hot chick who shoots meth with her abusive boyfriend who has a swastika on his chopper motorcycle. a couple tweakers and junkies room with them and she sends them to deliver my dope at the park. aint a bad setup. my problem is she doesnt wake up till like fuckin 1 pm. wish i could cop in the morning. "
"Congratulation oculus, you played yourself "
"Ah, excuse-moi, j'avais compris que tu disais que la brasserie était dans un coin paumé, excuse-moi.

Après, Hobart c'est déjà presque un peu la cambrousse dès qu'on s'éloigne du centre. Mais en ville, le moindre bar propose généralement de bonnes bières. Et si t'as l'occase d'y retourner, je te conseille de goûter la *Moo Brew*, la bière du MONA. Je pense que tu ne la trouveras qu'en *bottle shop*, pas en bar, mais je trouve qu'elle vaut le coup."
"What resources did you find for making sure your kitchen is ok for commercial purposes? My girlfriend and I are thinking of doing a similar thing in London, but as you say it is quite opaque."
"Aside from being more expensive, drivers being impolite, and occasionally driving like a maniac, my experiences were generally okay by taxi standards. Yellow Cab was definitely better than some others and so I ended up just exclusively using them. Compared to rideshare though it's terrible. "
"There are a lot of good options for anal lube. Go with a water based one if you use sex toys too. Sliquid Sassy Anal Lube or Pjur Back Door Glide are good options. Online sex shops have large selections of anal lubes. I like Lovehoney as they have a lot of product reviews.

I would read [this article](http://sluttygirlproblems.com/guide/4-reasons-not-use-coconut-oil-lube/) before being too excited about coconut oil. It may work for you but it is good to be aware. 

Also check [this article](http://merryfrolics.com/get-lubed-slick-sexy-solo-play-choose-best-lubricant-masturbation/) if you want to find more options.
"
Are you on windows? Have you tried the eventviewer to see if an error is being logged? Possibly a driver or hardware message?
"Wireless. A USB stick plugs into the PS4 and that's how the headset communicates with the PS4. "
"I impulse bought him at 30K in late November, I don't mind. I'm glad Buff is going!"
"On a serious note though it's a good idea to close your LoL client every so often, even if you're just going to reopen it to play more anyway. Last time I checked, the client gives some pretty substantial memory leakage if left open for too long."
"Uh, how can you say they are comic specific if you haven't read the comics or seen the movies?

It sounds to me like you are hating on them to hate on them."
"&gt;  If the guide WAS random for every attempt you'd be hard pressed to have a puzzle that could be solved quickly.

What about puzzles that simple that require 3 seconds for 
geniuses? And 30 seconds for average and 1min for not so 
geniuses?


What about overtime, 1v1? Max time 1min."
We just cancelled a Mars mission because France couldn't keep up. Let's let them participate as an optional add-on.
"I think my first exposure to this song was from Trainspotting, so I always thought it was about Heroin! "
"It is important to note that this is for nursery schools only. Not sure if the government has plans to review for high schools also. Nevertheless this is a good initiative.

Most of the criterion are very ridiculous. Like, school transport, gender, proficiency in music and sports ( for a 3 year old ? srsly ? ), vegetarian, track record of parents etc.,  "
"This is so cool! "
"&gt;no option for mid-ranged VR solution

PSVR will be the best option for mid-high range VR and will be a much better deal overall compared to the Rift."
"Better an input device that actually has tested content for it, than an input device that has no content for it! "
"Is there any good reason to enable Wi-Fi and Bluetooth Location scanning? I mean, do they really help with location or should I just turn them off to increase battery life (not that I'm sure I need any extra help, I only just got the phone and it easily lasted a day). "
"&gt;Not a single person so far has said apartheid wasn't terrible.

Literally the comment above yours"
You spelled Potomac wrong
I learned the hard way growing up in Oakland and living in Chicago that wearing a helmet gives a nice advantage in an altercation with a malnourished thug with low bone density and no cardio.
"Shouldn't it work the other way as well? There's a big difference between someone who's actually trans and someone just saying they're a man/woman. If someone's visibly trans but not doing any harm just leave them alone.

But yah, if anyone gives off a bad vibe just go with your instincts."
"Mental Health.

I can't imagine that someone out there would rather have a mental illness."
"Illinois has been underfunding pensions since the 1940s.  The Republican party certainly never fixed this problem when they were in power, and [it's not like they're shut out of the state now.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Political_party_strength_in_Illinois)  There's a Republican governor, and everything away from Chicago turns pretty red."
--&gt; /r/JustOneBoob
Wtf are people smoking?!
"&gt;There are ways and manners to get the guns back. Other countries have done it.

Oh you mean Australia who had very few guns and bought back 30% of them?

&gt;Why wouldn't the US be able to?

350,000,000 guns.

&gt;There are ways to create incentives for people to voluntarily bring them over.

""From my cold dead hands"" You'd be surprised how many people have this mentality.

&gt;Obviously, there will be problems and it will take time. There would be various problems but who said this would be easy?

PROBLEMS!? Talk about the US military going door to door across 3.8 million square miles taking guns from people who would rather start a civil war than give up their guns. Gun crime will reach heights never seen before.

&gt;Of course, the NRA will not be helpful in this aspect and they are huge. They have bought and paid for generations of future gun buyers. It's engraved in your culture. It's tragic.

Oh fuck off. They take so much heat when they've been trying to get administrations since Clinton to enforce gun laws stricter.

&gt;Simply saying that there are almost one half of a billion guns around that need to be taken by force just sounds like being defeated before the battle has started.

You're talking about a civil war. It's what will happen once you start taking guns.
"
"I'll note that Cortana still works even without an internet connection, it just doesn't serve you Bing results.  I am assuming they are logging those queries as well."
I'm not defending the police here but less lethal options are not always available and aren't always an option.
"At one of my clients we use the software Kantech to interacting with the door systems. IT only setup the computer system and handle the maintenance in the software. But we setup the call with the security company and worked with them to install. I prefer it this way cause it helps IT understand the software and settings better. They have options for time and attendance and can also handle cameras.
They don't user the time and attendance part, because they have time clocks integrated with there payroll software"
"Depending on what area of the country you live in, you are going to NEED at least $12 an hour to live somewhat comfortably.

You WILL live with a roommate (like u/Clint_Redwood said, try to find a roommate with alpha qualities.) Craigslist is great for finding rooms for rent.

You need to get your damn license. Make that one of your top priorities."
"Thanks B! I've been dreaming up a new one at work and scribbling ideas on post-it notes. Don't tell anyone! "
"So does my silver lab! And then people go ""is he a cross between a lab and a weim?"" ""Nope two silver labs made a silver lab"" ""huh, I've never seen that!"" I had someone adamant at the dog park about how he wasn't a lab. Please. If you'd see him at home, you'd know he's all lab. "
:)
The snapdragon 615 is a 64-bit processor. If they're not using 64bit lollipop they're missing out on performance boosts.
"The problem is they need to put forth this in congress as a standalone background check issue. It keeps getting lumped in with other things that are more opposable so it doesn't pass. Democrats are hoping to get other things passed due to the pressure to pass background checks. I just don't like it being pushed through as an executive order is all. Especially with how it was written. There ends to be more laid out specifically in regards to the mental health issue and the background checks don't really expand anything but it sounds good. Also, these things need to be iteratively hashed out like they are in congress not laid outright by one person. It's a bad precedent. I agree with background checks. Done the right way. Through the right process "
"Niin, olenko sanonut että on, ja miten liittyy tähän keskusteluun? Tuo on kyllä nyt punainen ahven, on. Se toinenkin postauksesi sisältää argumentaatiovirheen, enkä aika aio käsitellä sitä edellä mainitusta syystä.

"
"Yea, I said that too. Then I bought the game center that year and have had it since....

Im good at this promise thing"
But... Ok.
"I came for the nerd references, and then I came for your beautiful body.

I just want to lick your pretty pussy all day."
Hugs.. there is no right or wrong was to deal with days like this.  Whatever feels good to you.  I'm sorry for your loss.
"From an article by Lydia Jung from the University of California Davis:

            ""In the 19th century, as a consequence of the overwhelming popularity of prostitution, came the plague of sexually transmitted diseases. Venereal diseases such as Syphilis and Gonorrhea were indeed a pestilence in Victorian Great Britain. These diseases were not exclusively contained to female prostitutes and males who purchased their services, but also spread to the wives and children of the latter. The Great Pestilence was viewed by many as a result of the moral and societal decay in England.""
"
[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/dutch/comments/3zr0kg/saxophones_tins_of_sardines_banned_in_amsterdam/) by /u/pendletonsprocket in /r/dutch
"Listening in class, studying, doing homework, reading. Most importantly, asking questions if you don't understand something or need help."
A rifle? Really? Why not a pistol you can conceal carry? let me run back to my car to grab my rifle out of my trunk.
"Hello! It appears that you are trying to post from an account that does not have enough karma. We ask that you engage first, comment on other posts and gain some karma points then try again soon. If this is a legitimate post, and on topic of food (must be directly related), please [message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/food), with a link to your post, NOT THE LINK TO THE IMAGE and we'll reinstate it.

Did you flair your post?

Additionally, please read the [rules of reddit](http://www.reddit.com/rules/).

If you're thinking of doing any self-promotion on reddit, you might want to [**CLICK THIS LINK AND READ THIS FIRST**](http://www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion).

Your post may have been removed for spam, read about what constitutes spam by [**CLICKING THIS LINK**](http://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq#wiki_what_constitutes_spam.3F).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/food) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
I always thought she looked too mousey... like she was up to something (heh).
"You're absolutely wrong, as this is a standard shiba reaction toward their owners returning home.
It is not the same in all dogs."
That's more letters than knuckles.
I like the idea of that. It'd make more sense and it'd make it a bit more difficult
"right, it is a GREAT START! kind of like i said in other comments - but it could go so much farther!"
"Alright, will do. If I don't get voltage, you think it could be the C191 connector? I've heard those are infamous on going bad. "
[deleted]
"Silly Undertale fans. Not everything is a skeleton. Reaper is, unlike Papyrus and Sans (and anyone who played through the genocide run), an actual person. The skull is used as a mask."
I bought them to fix my hips and shoulders but I might have to do that too. I can do plenty of chin ups but pull ups are my worst enemy.
"""Ah, see, I couldn't do that,"" he laughs quietly. ""I'm too impatient."" Caerel watches her as she begins to create brushstrokes against the canvas, crossing his arms over his chest. ""I'm Caerel, by the way. I don't think I've seen ya' around."""
This takes a lot of money
"Was in the car, listening on the radio. Here now!"
"Perhaps like a babushka and hobble around camp like an elderly Russian woman, cursing people under my breath"
Every single player on both teams gets  injured in the first ten minutes of the first quarter and both teams have nothing but third string players finishing the game in the second half.
"Someone on this sub turned me on to this awhile ago and now I'm getting into the habit of it - use it to launch apps! Command-space to activate spotlight, type the first 2-3 letters of the app, and hit return. So much easier than digging through launchpad (as much as I love it) and even easier than the dock - plus not everything is in the doc.

My only other use for it is quick calculations really. And sometimes finding documents that I've misplaced."
"This skirmish is taking place in **Sector 5**

**This skirmish has ended!**

Confirmed actions for this skirmish:


  \#326 sahdee (Periwinkle): **attack with 40 infantry** (effective: 40, for above: 40) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 180 for **290 VP**

&gt;  \#329 alpha_arrowz (Periwinkle): **support with 40 infantry** (effective: 40, for above: 40) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 40 for **0 VP**

&gt;&gt;  \#330 alpha_arrowz (Periwinkle): **support with 40 infantry** (effective: 40, for above: 40) 

&gt;  \#362 ancienttoucan (Orangered): **oppose with 4 cavalry** (effective: 4, for above: 6) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 2 for **4 VP**

&gt;&gt;  \#363 ancienttoucan (Orangered): **support with 40 infantry** (effective: 40, for above: 60) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 2 for **40 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#371 a_flock_of_goats (Periwinkle): **oppose with 28 cavalry** (effective: 28, for above: 42) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 28 for **0 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#386 dotchee (Orangered): **oppose with 35 ranged** (effective: 35, for above: 52) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 2 for **35 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#397 a_flock_of_goats (Periwinkle): **oppose with 1 infantry** (effective: 1, for above: 1) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 25 for **0 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#398 a_flock_of_goats (Periwinkle): **support with 16 ranged** (effective: 16, for above: 24) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 16 for **0 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#417 dotchee (Orangered): **oppose with 15 infantry** (effective: 15, for above: 22) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 1 for **15 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#433 a_flock_of_goats (Periwinkle): **oppose with 11 cavalry** (effective: 11, for above: 16) 

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#418 dotchee (Orangered): **oppose with 2 cavalry** (effective: 2, for above: 3) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 1 for **2 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#434 a_flock_of_goats (Periwinkle): **oppose with 2 ranged** (effective: 2, for above: 3) 

&gt;&gt;  \#370 a_flock_of_goats (Periwinkle): **oppose with 4 ranged** (effective: 4, for above: 6) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 4 for **0 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#387 dotchee (Orangered): **oppose with 4 infantry** (effective: 4, for above: 6) Victor: **TIE**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#400 a_flock_of_goats (Periwinkle): **oppose with 3 cavalry** (effective: 3, for above: 4) 

&gt;  \#364 a_flock_of_goats (Periwinkle): **support with 40 infantry** (effective: 40, for above: 40) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 40 for **0 VP**

&gt;&gt;  \#368 ancienttoucan (Orangered): **oppose with 2 cavalry** (effective: 2, for above: 3) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 1 for **2 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#369 ancienttoucan (Orangered): **support with 18 infantry** (effective: 18, for above: 27) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 1 for **18 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#377 a_flock_of_goats (Periwinkle): **oppose with 13 cavalry** (effective: 13, for above: 19) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 13 for **0 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#394 dotchee (Orangered): **oppose with 15 ranged** (effective: 15, for above: 22) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 1 for **15 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#401 a_flock_of_goats (Periwinkle): **oppose with 11 infantry** (effective: 11, for above: 16) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 11 for **0 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#416 dotchee (Orangered): **oppose with 12 cavalry** (effective: 12, for above: 18) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 1 for **12 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#420 a_flock_of_goats (Periwinkle): **oppose with 9 ranged** (effective: 9, for above: 13) 

&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#376 a_flock_of_goats (Periwinkle): **oppose with 2 ranged** (effective: 2, for above: 3) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 2 for **0 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#395 dotchee (Orangered): **oppose with 1 infantry** (effective: 1, for above: 1) Victor: **TIE**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#402 a_flock_of_goats (Periwinkle): **oppose with 1 cavalry** (effective: 1, for above: 1) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 1 for **0 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#415 dotchee (Orangered): **oppose with 2 ranged** (effective: 2, for above: 3) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 1 for **2 VP**

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#421 a_flock_of_goats (Periwinkle): **oppose with 2 infantry** (effective: 2, for above: 3) 

&gt;  \#435 the_masked_redditor (Periwinkle): **support with 40 ranged** (effective: 40, for above: 60) 

"
I think this plays bad even for the neo-cons But somebody has to make the case to the American people that their leaders are being controlled by a foreign government and have made life and death decisions that go against our own country's interest...But for that we would need an News media.
"one of the best videos to ever grace the monstrosity that is youtube.

bless you zoey
"
Thank you and well played to you too. Good game everyone.
oh ok i can do that
"Te, no doubt in my mind. I love dominant Te with Se as a distant second."
"I am a Fascist, because I see the slow degradation of Human society, accelerated by degeneracy &amp; Hedonism. My nation once ruled almost a quarter of the planet. I'm not saying we should return to that, but we *should* return to the mindset &amp; culture that it brought with it. In the past 60 years, that once great nation has tumbled to be the host of Manipulators, money-hoarders, &amp; mindless followers, who have let their culture be destroyed. And it's not just my nation, most countries are like this. I chose fascism, because it is what seeks to end this era of Individualism &amp; degradation of culture."
Lewis' hit still worked as intended though
Birthday hat and Green new years hat for Snowman and Scary Painting?
[deleted]
Put the dropper in the tear duct and blink a shit ton. It works!
Eva Green from Penny Dreadful
She learned about his Dao domain
Andrei Tarkovsky
"I just gave it a light tap with my fist and it went it. I used pliers to get it back out. "
"it actually isnt. Theres a shit ton of evidence relating to it. Hell, the actor actually posted on twitter ""it feels good when the hidden meaning behind your work is finally discovered"" hours, maybe days after the thread "
"No key :( the case says 1998, was steam even a thing?

EDIT: Key was found!"
"I dont have to tear off the safety every night and i didnt have to pay 40 bucks for a bic with a picture of a pickle on it. If i lose it (guaranteed) i dont sweat it because i found 2 more. "
"really? I'm not talking about hitting a child upside the head with a spoon. I'm talking about spankings, and not the kind that leave bruising. 

Whatever though, I'll let my comments collect downvotes on this one. **Spanking doesn't equal Beatings**

FYI, I don't have kids and I certainly don't abuse them."
"From the above text, regarding Donald Trump:

&gt; Gradually, he will be reduced to a laughingstock,

Son, I hate to break this to you, but he *started out* as a laughing stock."
&gt;you're going to be embarrassed when you realize what's going on.
[removed]
Badass.
Ever hear of people who get so big that their skin tears open just from movements like rolling over?
"It seems like there are precisely five shots in the film that get praised: the shots of the bedroom, of the body in the lake, Rachel in her rocking chair at the window, the riverboat, and Powell on his horse on the horizon.  I've never seen any other scene in the film analyzed or presented as well-shot."
"I didn't say that though. Also Bernie has great relationships in Congress, while Hillary is vilified by the Republicans."
"This post has been removed.

Hey pcyr9999! Your submission has been automatically removed because /r/bestof no longer allows submissions from [select default subreddits.](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/285lwh/rbestof_subscriber_feedback_thread_part_2/)  However, click the following link to post it to /r/defaultgems; [**click here**](http://www.reddit.com/r/DefaultGems/submit?&amp;amp;title=/u/snowycricket tells a series of hilarious stories about his late father.&amp;amp;url=http://np.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3z5q3x/what_was_a_dont_tell_your_mother_moment_youve_had/cyjiiqs)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/bestof) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Well I'm truly sorry about your son, I didn't realize we were getting into a subject where you had personal experience, and I'm glad your second homebirth went very well. I expect if you know things are going to go safely, a homebirth is probably a better experience than being in the hospital. Numbers don't lie. I'd still want the hospital for my loved ones."
"want pure keys "
"if you did this on purpose, I am a fan &lt;3"
"I havent really been keeping up with the Suns, hows Booker doing? I really liked him in college"
"Totally agree with all of this. As a matter of fact, all of the Espada went off with something related to their aspect of death (usually finding resolve in it). Except for Harribel and Grimmjow of course (which is why they're not dead). My favorites were Ulquiorra's and Nnoitra's deaths."
"I find this Boston team either great or facepalm-worthy.

They honestly may end up like the 2013-14 Timberwolves in how their stats show they're a good team but they end up blowing games they shouldn't have.

Point differential still has the biggest correlation to winning, but given how tight the East is this season every win and loss actually counts."
"Will the 'STR SSG Goku' also be avalible for summoning? 
"
"Given what the rest of our nationally broadcast media sounds like ""the elite"" mentioned here is a pretty exclusive bunch indeed."
"I have no idea what you are talking about. NATO attacked a sovereign country without UN approval and took away a part of its territory. "
"would be a shame if a truck filled with water drove over it "
"I went to my local and he didn't want to touch it, something to do with the way its stitched and the inner lining, requires a different machine apparently. Guess I'll have to look around

Cost me 70£ new"
Likely just a negotiation strategy.
"It's a pretty huge problem, mate."
"I've heard there's a possibility that Socrates is a fictional character created by Plato. I don't know either way, I haven't read enough on it.

There's much better documentation for Mohammad, and he's 600 years closer to the present than Jesus. There is therefore less reason to question his existence than there is to question Jesus' existence. Which I don't think I've done here.

I think it probable that Jesus existed and was a teacher and was crucified for treason. I just don't think any of the miraculous claims about him are more than stories. 

I'm not talking about legitimizing events or Jesus, I'm talking about legitimizing Christianity and later, the Church. That's what the narratives try to do. I apologize if I was unclear earlier.

&gt;But WHY does it argue that? It is trying to impart a spiritual truth,

Maybe. At the very least it's trying to convince you that what it's saying is legitimate. "
"If this helps ""Mere paas bilkul bhi paise nahi hai"" is ""I don't have any money"" in Hindi. I think without that phrase it will be pretty much impossible. Let us know how it goes :)"
I-O!!!! Great win yesterday too!!!
Make sure you have all the items you want to buy ready BEFORE we hit closing time. Cashiers dont like watching you browse because we're trying to check out and head home.
"""No problem, always happy to share my cooking with others."" He gives a good smile then wanders over and gives Jeanne a bowl of Miso beef ramen with chopsticks, then proceeds to wander over and give one to Izuma as well. He wanders back over to his pot and serves himself a bowl, then takes his chopsticks in his hands, claps them together..

""Itadakimasu!"" and promptly sits down on the ground, and starts chowing away"
This instasploding happens when two object merge or pierce each other. On some really large jumps with large air time there is a limit which auto kills you regardless of the landing.
"I used to work at big box liquor store and I would subject myself to this shit just to talk to the sample girl. She was really cute and I don't think she was dumb so she probably knew. "
"I love my state,  almost no matter where you are, you are only about an hour away from ""God's country"" in any  direction.  "
anyone have a link?  don't have nhl network
"Cool bronc! "
"You may only remember him by his vigilante name

*the white knife*"
That was noice.
Most regular pot smokers detest alcohol. You're preaching to the choir using alcohol as an example.
"It's because they were terrified of being anything like the prequels rather than taking the best of both trilogies they completely ignored all the great things about the prequels. "
"There are no words for how embarassing you look. Jesus.

For one, I'm not even the same person. You're just cringe. And you're trying so hard not to sound like the people in this thread hurt your feefees. I can still see the fat rolls on your chin jiggling as you frantically type your stupid sentences, pal. Lol."
"I didn't know about LibGen, so that just made my life much more awesome - thank you! But you're right that the PCI isn't not published in any paper, though. After going through every reference I could find, I finally made up some bullshit in the form on Pekala's website...and discovered that it passes you through to [the download page](http://www.quantifyingconsciousness.com/gen_downloads.htm) immediately without any moderation!"
"Hey, ha has low sperm count, be easy on him."
no u
"That's operation 8 isn't it? 
Anyways, yes it's possible depending on how many games you want to play. "
"Me and Earl and the Dying Girl when he's in her room looking at all of her stuff after she died. I was bawling. "
"/r/DadReflexes 
"
"What erlang version are you running? Big maps have been seriously optimized in R18, although I'm not sure about memory usage.

There's also a graph library based on ETS, which may work better for your use case: http://www.erlang.org/doc/man/digraph.html"
"Mmmmmmm. Sausages. "
"[](/raritydress) Now that I think of it I do have a pair for you.


[](/sp) [](/wahaha) And I just know that you'll love it Darling."
I just wanted to know what to do now.
"Nee, die schlechten Augen sind der Impfschaden.

Das ständige Masturbieren kommt daher, daß Du nix anderes gelernt hast. "
what are you eating for breakfast tomorrow? :P
[deleted]
"The first thing to do is check local and state license requirements. Does your state/county require you to be a certified electrician, insurance requirements, training requirements etc. I wouldn't do anything else until  I know that... it can be a huge roadblock in some areas.   If you plan to just sell the service to mom/pop ""under the table"" then the above doesn't matter I guess. "
So who's Michael Clarke endorsing that give him free hair colour?
"10 year old me goes on bouncy house --&gt; falls off bouncy house --&gt; gets recurring head injury --&gt; can't play contact sports throughout teenage years --&gt; get really fat --&gt; self esteem goes to the ground --&gt; start swimming (no contact there) --&gt; get semi sexy body into college --&gt; learn that all is relative and develop good sense of self awareness --&gt; get great friends and become absolute fire at job interviews --&gt; life is pretty good right now --&gt; profit. "
Acid Rap is easily in my top 5 if we include mixtapes too. I love every song on there
"I will be about to start the last year of university "
yay
[removed]
Army grades
"So did you catch the haggis yourself ? "
"are the plates universal 60% or specific to your custom? steel? 

Maybe this info is implied, sorry im new."
I've seen some open box for $300-$315 before in very good condition for the 16GB variant. I'd just be patient. It's too bad you missed the $50 off sale during Christmas on the 32GB version.
"They elected Paul Von Hindenburg, Hitler's opponent. You lied and said they ""freely elected"" Hitler."
"Craglorn gear will still have the same power leveled after VR removal. "
"This is my experience, but so far the people that I've met who were against guns were always leftists. Without exception. So you got thousands of ""gun-phobic"" suddenly handling a weapon and you expect them to perform as well as the ""right wing gun-nuts""? Also most of the actual soldiers from the US army come from [right leaning regions of the US](http://www.heritage.org/static/reportimages/E8F05D884C7E78E45A200DC953ED3854.gif). So I would not be so sure about that 

&gt; our women and **all minorities** would fight alongside us, and probably a host of other advantages too over the Right.

Depending on the issue, not really. 

EDIT: Also I would not count on women abandoning their right leaning fathers and husbands for you

&gt;The Confederate rebellion failed in large part because they were wrong about slavery and everyone knew it: moral bankruptcy takes the power from a punch. Same here - the world has been inexorably moving Left for centuries and everyone knows it.

Am I understanding this wrong or are you saying that the position held by the political Left is always moral? Because the Communists would like to have a talk with you. As well as the Nazis who were very ""leftist"" when it was about the Germans."
"&gt; That article seems to say that black gay men aren't as basically intelligent as white gay men are when it comes to having responsible sex and LGBT organizations and the government are at fault for it

It doesn't say anything remotely like that.  It's a very short report on 76-page study, which you can read here if you really care: https://www.blackaids.org/images/reports/back.pdf"
"Short answer: sqrt(85)/6  (this is slightly different than the above number)

Long answer:
For that, you need a little trigonometry, specifically the law of sines. For that you need to know the angle opposite your VD1 line (the angle at point I between sides x and IU). That can be figured by the arctangent of the absolute value of the slope of the line IU. It looks like that slope is -6/7, so angle I is arctan(6/7).

The law of sines would say that the sine of angle I divided by the length of VD1 would be equal to the sin of the angle at D1 (which is a right angle, so 90 degrees) divided by the length of x. So that's:

sin(arctan(6/7))/VD1 = sin(90)/x

A trigonometric identity of sin(arctan(A)) is a/sqrt(1+a^2), so in this case that would be (6/7)/sqrt(1+(6/7)^2). This can actually be simplified to 6/sqrt(85), which I won't show here (I can if you want).

VD1 is desired to be 1, so the left side is 6/sqrt(85).

The sine of 90 is 1, so 6/sqrt(85) = 1/x. Therefore x = sqrt(85)/6. That's slightly different than the number I gave above, which might be due to something not snapping to the grid exactly or that angle drawn not actually being a right angle.

If you do the same law of sines with what you've got, it would be 6/sqrt(85)/VD1 = sin(90)/1.5, which would be 9/sqrt(85), which I show as ~0.976187. That's slightly different from your given figure. So something is off with the file."
You still have an advantage fighting on your side of the map than their side of the map.  Your reinforcements still arrive more quickly than they would were you on the offensive.  Protoss just didn't have an offensive disadvantage.
I'm down
"[](/nmm)[Imgur mirror](http://imgur.com/pBa3tR3)  
  
[](/sp)  
  
---  
  
^(This is a bot | )[^Info](/r/mylittlepony/comments/1lwzub/deviantart_imgur_mirror_bot_nightmirrormoon/)^( | )[^(Report problems)](/message/compose/?to=meditonsin&amp;subject=NightMirrorMoon)^( | )[^(Source code)](https://github.com/meditonsin/NightMirrorMoon)"
"got packet loss since a month and half or a little more, before ping was steady af"
Little correction: [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOQutp1XyIw) is the recent one.
"Use AP rounds all the time, every time. Armor is up to you. I find heavy armor helps protect against explosives pretty well, if not bullets. You'll still die most of the time, but sometimes the armor will save you. Push and skirmish are the most fun game types, don't let anyone tell you otherwise. "
"I think we could beat either wild card team. I think we can beat the Packers. I think we might manage to make it a game with the Panthers. I think the Cardinals would absolutely dominate us. We would be unable to get to the QB, and we can't cover any of their three WRs. 

Honestly, every team wants to grab the ""nobody believes in us"" mantle, but the Redskins are that team. If it's worth anything, we have it. 
"
"That's how reddit is supposed to work though. People here generally aren't enthused by Clinton headlines, so we don't see them often. This doesn't make reddit a safe haven for Bernie supporters either. I explained how a Bernie policy was meant to work and got downvoted heavily by ""the silent majority""."
"Yes, it's true that a big part of the Canadian identity is not being American.  The biggest insult to a Canadian is to call them the 51st state, or that they're just like Americans.  While I understand the need for differentiation, I don't understand the hostility, TBH."
I haven't really talked to my father since I was a kid but back in the day he would let little 6 year old me sit in the front seat when I was with him. I only saw him on weekends but it was enough for the backseat to lose it's appeal forever. I brought it up with my mom years later because I assumed she knew and just let it happen and she was definitely didn't and was *not* amused.
yes but its not our fault if they catch fire and exit the Church Denethor style.
"Thanks for the Input man, I tried to take it on board and I changed the song quite a bit. Hopefully it sounds a bit better now."
You just need to have a godlike internet connection.
"oh jesus       

whoever made this better not be anywhere the saudis can get their hands on him :( "
"If you want, I could usher you through them. I strive to find the rare people that aren't vile to others on there. I have a pretty significant troupe at this point, and not by way of doing the stupid nationalistic crew stuff.

And I've done every setup and finale in the realm of 100 times. Fleeca not included."
WELL THAT'S THE BEST TYPE OF START
[deleted]
"[Absalom, Absalom! by William Faulkner](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/373755.Absalom_Absalom_)"
What the fuck
[removed]
"Thanks mate "
Lmao you said you had just as many in the past twenty years. don't backtrack and try and change the question after you get called out for not knowing what you're talking about
[deleted]
"sweet detective work. In conclusion, *fuck that guy*"
Dig underneath and take the ground with?
"Good job giving credit when reposting, most avoid that step and claim it as their own.

I don't agree with the picture though, that's pretty stupid. "
"Ya, what's the lesbian version of ""man child"" time to have a real talk about her getting it together "
"**Swift** Looking back I shouldn't have used arrays, takes too long on challenge inputs 2 &amp; 3. Also is memory intensive. 

    let people = 200
    var fruits = [Int]()
    fruits.append(15)
    var totalFruit = 0
    var weeks = 1
    
    while totalFruit &lt; people {
        var count = fruits.count
        for var index = 0; index &lt; count; index++ {
            for count in 0...fruits[index] {
                fruits.append(0)
            }
            fruits[index]++
        }
        totalFruit = 0
        for var index = 0; index &lt; count; index++ {
            totalFruit += fruits[index]
        }
        
        weeks++
    }
    
    print(weeks)"
I don't get offended when people ask me ask me out. It's flattering regardless.
"Sorry no thanks. I'm using .ipt to create stuff from auto desk inventor "
"It's not irrational. Your senses are behaving naturally. "
"Thank you, Clem.

OOC: Have we interacted there? I can't remember &gt;_&lt;"
I was re-watching it a while ago. Miss Grotke kept it all the way real.
"System: PC

Game: World at War

Map: Any map, but I would prefer to try custom maps.

Objective: I'm up to anything, pretty much.

Mic?: I have a mic and I don't mind if you don't have one.

When?: Anytime we can play together, (BRST Time, -3 GMT)

Username: GaboJoker (Steam)

Notes: I am brazilian, you won't see a player with great connection though I really enjoy playing for fun, so it doesn't matter to me unless you live in Russia, or somewhere really far away. I'm not aiming to be persisent with you, we play if we want to, and it'll be nice to meet someone who's from reddit! "
"Hi MeleeLaijin, i'd like to link that but i have a doubt:
i'm new to reddit, i read that as general rule only 10% of your post can talk about personal projects. 
It count on gamedev subreddit too? 
I'd like to have feedback about my game but i have to make 9 post every time i want to show something, is that right or i misunderstoodt? 
"
"Eggs. Squished bread makes for shitty sandwiches too. But then again, drones don't have to drop it from a height lol "
[deleted]
Yep the timezone on the pc is correct. Its weird though that the problem is occuring on all devices which is why i thought it could be a router issue
"That's what they make guns for.

*Edited to Add*  A gun puts a tiny woman on the same level as a really big man. You may not like it but it's true. God made men and women but guns made them equal."
Thanks - today's signings were a good surprise!
I really wish there was some type of true horde mode with a bottomless difficulty level and waves of enemies.  At least it would be a fun and challenging way to kill a bunch of aliens while also challenging yourself.  Would work for groups or solo.  See how far you can go and is pretty much plug and play.
Team and day count?
Anyone know the date they aired this?
"Fuck you, fucking nark"
"Well how could you be since she is injured? She hasn't been on TV in almost a month. And the way she has been booked is horrible. It's not her fault. ""Team Bad"" is stupid. I hate what they have done to her. I'm pretty sure we all are."
You're acting like the alternative to US healthcare is socialized healthcare as seen in those countries.
Barb Murphy wins the selfie contest cause she has a kid.
"It's pretty steep for a house on most of it. I figured I'd wait and see, maybe poke at it with a broom from the ladder at some point. It's a split level, so it's mostly one story, but I hate ladders and heights."
"I disagree. Leo's role was a challenging role. Hardy nailed a pretty standard role. Nothing he did was strange or shocking or hard to imagine. He played a pretty typical ""trope"" of a character."
how about a threesome with another bottom? didn't see anyone suggest that.
[deleted]
"Also, is it just my TV, or is the lighting really... dim and dingy at Consol?  Is it normally like that?  "
It is an interesting bit of trivia.
i don't get how this is hard to comprehend by others. we're all leo fans but use your heads. this is a rebuild. we have to scorch the earth and get rid of the guys with the highest trade values right now for the future. guys like leo can be replaced.
"Well, eventually I asked you out on a date. Very, very awkwardly. "
"Pandora has less ads which is a plus. Also it doesn't have ads advertising other music messing up my whole grove (No Spotify, I don't want to listen to the first ten seconds of Justin Bieber's ""Sorry"" while listening to Gucci Mane). PANDORA ALSO FUCKING DOESN'T HAVE THE FUCKING AD WITH ALL THE FUCKING CAR HORNS. **HONK HONK HONK**"
"I'm sure lots of us miss headquarters but it would be impossible to play on BOPS 3. Back in the old school COD's the maps were set up like actual places, with 1 and 2 entrances. Now each building on a map has 5 entrances with varying elevations. "
"I don't honestly think so. It's the only school I ever knew. I mean, I've been part of KISD since pre k. So hats all I know. "
"一応置いとく  

###個人設定 --&gt; コメントに関するオプション --&gt; 論争中のコメントにダガー(†)を表示する"
Pussy lips?
"Sure, as well as everything else in the general vicinity of it."
[removed]
Damn. Love defended Paul pretty well. I thought he was gonna be toast.
"Look, look with your special eyes."
Day trading
[deleted]
Nice post! Also good that it's linked in the sidebar.
"It only makes sense. "
[deleted]
Free throws are not his strong suit... he's only 50.9% on the season. I'll agree that he is getting more playing time and it's been translating in increased rebounds and blocks though.
[deleted]
"""Preference"" implies that women are individuals. ""Tendencies"" implies that they are data. This piece of shit implies that women are lizard-beings come from the swamp to spermjack Chads."
Haha sorry! Find some workout vids on YouTube or something to do inside!
"Bummer. That's what I thought. That's the only thing that could have made me switch from ALE. "
"First trip should be to O'ahu. It has a bit of all the islands in it. Then the second trip, you can pick another island based off what part of O'ahu you liked most. Windward = kauai. West side = maui. Hiking/mountains = Big island. Military bombing range = Kaho'olawe."
[deleted]
"Because the copyright owner hasn't heard about it yet, or they haven't taken action against it.  It's generally small companies moving small volumes.  Do you think whoever owns Dragon Ball Z's copyright trawls through Etsy looking for infringing items that are being made in someone's garage?  Even if they catch some of them, more will just pop up."
"He is a valued contributed to the content on askreddit 

Apparently"
"&gt; Should I be working for the government solving the easy problems or something?

Quite the opposite sir.  The government has no room for common sense, to the private sector with you!
"
"You could use a patch cable between both Ethernet ports, then forward a USB WiFi device on the raspberry pi...

...but it's not going to be plug-n-play. "
"To do this you'd need to purchase both versions right? "
"How they drove home drunk ""safely""
-ex-friend"
Hace como 2 horas que estoy buscando ese post para ver como siguio la discusion. ¿No lo tendras a mano para pasarmelo? Quiero ver si callaron al pequeño esedoblebejota
"Yeeeep. Forget saving for a house or longer term stuff. You spend it all on living and then they pay you. 

Honestly it does make sense in a way. People would be up in arms if they changed the laws. But it kind of shows how much universal basic income would be waaaay more preferable. "
"Glorious. 

UpBernie for you. "
[deleted]
"Easy, don't answer it "
Thank you for the trade!
"Looking at the services stats seven and a half hours later won't be good.

Icons from left to right:

[BlackPlayer Music](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kodarkooperativet.blackplayerfree). Was not using it overnight.  
Bluetooth for Pebble smartwatch, battery drain non-noticeable since I started using it.  
NFC for Smart Unlock since I don't have a thumbprint, so this is the second best thing to open my phone. No noticeable drain."
thx bossss
[deleted]
"9?! Man, I need to do some catching up!"
Well seeing as how I don't watch Fox News or read right wing sites I will look past your generalization. Are you that dense that you can look over her email server and breaking every rule about handling sensitive and classified information? If she were in the military she would have been reprimanded and probably court martialed/lost job/be in jail right now. No one has the spine to indict her.
Ahhh the good old existential askreddit question.
Where's the rest of it???
"1d6 Dragons: **1**

(*1*)
*****



^(Hey there! I'm a bot that can roll dice if you mention me in your comments. Check out /r/rollme for more info.)"
"Oh, fuck yeah,  that was brutal. Artie told him not to bring it up Chappelle but Levy had to bring it up."
I took off Paladin Danse's hood and gave him Fashionable Glasses. He looks outstanding.
Miller has a boyfriend. The gayer this show gets the more powerful I feel
The bane of my developing experience thus far....
Knight and day is the only movie I've walked out on. Otherwise I agree.
"Intel is going to let OEM make add in cards so can't really stop people putting them in AMD systems.

Do you have any evidence that Intel will stop the controllers being added into AMD Laptops?"
Mozzy
/r/funny is a shithole lol
Well what if I Transmogged a Scarlet Mail set onto my Hunter and didn't touch him till Legion? Wouldn't it stick since it's Transmogged?
Was it $299 for unlimited service?
No adding machine? 0/10
Cat.
[deleted]
"Feels good doesn't it. I landed a job with that pay right out of school with a sub 3.0, in fact most companies in my area didn't care about GPA at all. Only big firms like GE, Boeing etc. I have working now for about a year and have started seeing what else is out there and am currently waiting to hear back from some great interviews for jobs in the 65-70k range. Best advice I could give to low and high GPA engineers, learn how to interview confidently, ask lots of questions and seem as interested as you can. The fact the you graduated and your resume isn't total garbage shows that you are technically qualified for entry level jobs, at the interview, they are mostly seeing if you are going to be socially compatible and not a weirdo. Have fun!"
You look like one of those guys who thinks they're smooth with girls.
"YES... YES... RELEASE YOUR ANGER "
except when those clues were blatantly wrong
"In the movie Leia seems to indicate she's known Snoke a long time. Well, she met Ezra when they were both ~15. That's long enough to trust someone with your kid decades later."
"Nectrotic, purulent wounds. I had a patient with Stage IV breast cancer, she had a huge open tumor on her chest that was just eating away at her body. Changing that dressing smelled like death, it was awful and my heart broke for her."
"Stone for Doan stopped by Jone(s) "
An E3 teaser trailer is the most I'm expecting to get.
"ah I see, well I think you have a pretty good list there so far"
You trade the asian guy don't lie.
"Cheesy Kong
Ban Smashville
Ban DK in future tournies"
"I disagree. Those systems are only effective against kinetic energy projectiles if they are combined with heavy armor. All they do to a APFSDS shell is to change its angle of attack i.e. [it will hit sideways.](https://youtu.be/62jzAupr044?t=1m30s) That projectile still has the same amount of energy, though, so if it hits light armor it will penetrate and actually cause **more** damage than it would have otherwise, since more of that energy will be converted to heat energy. 

Also, armor is passive, it always gives the same reliable protection, while an ADS can be jammed and its sensors can be taken out with something as trivial as a machine gun. It can also just have a malfunction. 

So, IMO everything will stay the same but better with ADS. Tanks will remain heavy, but will be better protected. "
No.
Monty Python's architect sketch.  I listened to that album so many times as a kid...
"I didn't bother stocking up on bounties last IB since I generally don't mind working up to Rank 5 the normal way. If I had known I'd have to deal with Rift if I wanted to hit Rank 5 this time, I would have saved every bounty possible."
"i feel like if you do well, you shouldnt fall that hard, think about like dota, they keep their mmr
"
"I got it, dork."
[deleted]
https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/422ixq/looks_like_we_get_a_name_drop_in_the_latest/
"It's pretty random as to whether or not they let you go smoke - technically they aren't supposed to but sometimes they allow it. "
"Much appreciated, /u/KingChord. I just had to sort out my thoughts on this, sounds like being straightforward with my intentions, as mentioned in that video and also by /u/AwayThrowId, and not overthinking it should be fine."
"Is it better to go with a second item randuins/deadmans/Spirit visage?
Also is taking towers after successful ganks always the best thing on shyv?"
what do you actually mean then?
"How much ram do you have? How much is free while you play, how hard is your cpu working? Before and during the game?"
"Post this on r/cabinporn, receive many karmas...

This is my dream retreat, be aware of how lucky you are."
"Everyone likes different things. If you say something general like ""only a handful of the skins are really good"" you'll get a good amount of support. You mention which ones are the good ones and which ones are the bad ones and everyone will quickly fall into an endless debate over which are which.

Case in point, while I don't even have a character that wields bows, I'm jealous how pretty much every bow released looks consistently great."
"Considering the circumstances I think Mineski-X should quickly snap up that Miduan 7.8k player if Fnatic is not exercising their substitute rights. Probably easier to just play around him like OG did with Miracle in the early phases. Can't see any other player stepping in that quickly. "
"lived behind asu stadium for a year.
their football players were accused of rape.
so yeah...yay football."
"| only good against Corpus, She's a one trick pony, don't bring her anywhere else, ...

sentient &lt;&gt; corpus, 3 &lt;&gt; 2, moon tileset &lt;&gt; jupiter.

Learned ? 

Find out yourself how to use her on draco efficiently - though there are better frames you should have in your arsenal to use on ceres, or against infested if you like.

Nonetheless, it's nice if i can bring in an situational extraordinary ability to my squad - i am not playing alone that much, except spy sometimes.

Recently we had a bar brawl on coba with our excaliburs, no mods or arcanes and that stuff - hell of a fun; we all died.

Learned ?
"
"what an amazing ass. lucky man!
"
That film made me want to be a teacher more. And it's Adrien Brody ffs
"You can play all sides in this game. I'm picking banks, and to a much lesser extent the companies which defaulted and are in CDR but with scope for recovery in business (yeah, the riskiest equities). Technically, NPAs have 3 subcategories - substandard, doubtful and loss. Banks get the benefit of NPAs when the loans are eventually repaid back, unless they are declared as losses and written off. They could also hawk the NPAs to asset recovery companies (ARC) whose job it is to recover loans - banks get 15% of the loan in cash and security receipts for the rest. When the ARC turns the company around, the security receipts are paid back. The problem in this entire process is the scope for the borrower to misuse the loan, or to strip away the assets of the business preventing recovery of money from liquidation of collateral among others. There are some assets that have a genuine chance of recovery, because the underlying project may have run into a problem involving the government, regulatory agencies or a counterparty. The NPAs in the power generation sector are usually down to this - there is demand for power produced but the dis-coms cannot pay the price or the prospective buyers didn't turn up.

As for companies, when their capital is so depressed, genuine turnaround in business fortunes is possible. But this is highly risky bet in equities if you don't understand what troubles banks and ARCs go through with company management and promoters. But understanding this is necessary if you want to understand how many NPAs will eventually be recovered or will turn into losses."
"Evening cunts. I spent today sucking a big fat dick at Need for Speed and moping over the loss of 12 hours of cricket in the last 2 days.  

Bring on a thumping tonight, I'm keen for some sixes."
Snape kills Dumbledore.  (Have a nice night).
Let em hate haha
"&gt; volunteer for work that is out of your job description

Op - this is very important."
"Pick a team you indecisful knob goblin

I fucking live the entire pacific ocean away from my team. Doesnt mean shit."
And yet your code base can pollute quickly if any func can simply access anything.
I almost had me there
[deleted]
"yo. thanks. i am thinking about personal contact before sending a build. A person should fill the small form like ""name, surname, country"", i find him/her in net, verify they are real and fine. So only after that i can send the build. What do u think?"
"That's killer, hopefully the reverse doesn't hold it back!

'79-S is one of the dates where I too have an outstanding specimen.  :D"
"I'm an only child, but my parents always wanted me to have a sister.

""We'd call her 'Rachel Mary,'"" I'd hear from my mother.

I love that name."
"haha

But i feel you. Every time i scroll past lis on my ps4 and i hear the menu music.....ughghg im still obsessed with this game lol "
"APM stands for __A__ctions __P__er __M__inute, where ""Minute"" refers to game time minutes, which is defined as about 43 seconds real world time at ""Fastest"" game speed in WoL and HotS.

In LotV, a game time minute is defined as a minute in real world time (barring any lag). Therefore, you have more time to do more actions per (game time) minute, and your APM increases."
The white ones with the grandpa sole?
i have msi 980 ti new from RMA. should be here wednesday. asking 650
...what? whats the context of the quote and the relation to your comment afterward?
"
# *DOWNLOAD MOVIE ""Knocked Up 2007""  link to view 1080p PC dubbed without registering VHSRip*

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description movie **Knocked Up 2007**:

&gt;  For fun loving party animal Ben Stone, the last thing he ever expected was for his one night stand to show up on his doorstep eight weeks later to tell him she's pregnant.

&gt; .


***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Knocked Up 2007***](https://dlinkes.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Knocked%20Up%202007)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Knocked Up 2007***](https://dlinkes.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Knocked%20Up%202007)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Knocked Up 2007***](https://dlinkes.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Knocked%20Up%202007)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Knocked Up 2007***](https://dlinkes.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Knocked%20Up%202007)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Knocked Up 2007***](https://dlinkes.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Knocked%20Up%202007)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Knocked Up 2007***](https://dlinkes.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Knocked%20Up%202007)
***

&gt; . 

&gt; .Knocked 
Up 
Behind 
the 
Scenes 
with 
Michael 
Cera 
and 
katherine 
Heigl
Watch 
Knocked 
Up 
Online 
Free 
- 
Streaming 
2007 
Full 
Movie 
on 
Putlocker.Short 
Reivew:Many 
people 
dismissed 
it 
at 
the 
film 
theater 
in 
Rome 
exactly 
where 
I 
saw 
it.
knocked 
up 
2007 
online 
subtitrat
knocked 
up 
2007 
trailer
knocked 
up 
2007 
subtitles
knocked 
up 
2007 
viooz
knocked 
up 
(2007)
Michael 
Cera 
gets 
fired 
from 
Knocked 
Up 
from 
Judd 
Apatow
knocked 
up 
2007 
me 
titra 
shqip
Watch 
Knocked 
Up 
Online 
Free 
Putlocker 
- 
Putlocker 
- 
Watch
knocked 
up 
(2007) 
torrent
knocked 
up 
2007 
wiki
knocked 
up 
2007 
movie
knocked 
up 
2007 
online
knocked 
up 
2007
knocked 
up 
2007 
film
knocked 
up 
2007 
soundtrack

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .[STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""Men.. in.. Black.. II.. 2002"".. .. BDRemux.. rarBG.. no.. pay.. BrRip.. vumoo.. butler.. srt.. no.. registration](https://www.reddit.com/3zj7uj),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Armageddon.. 1998"".. .. video.. for.. mobile.. without.. registering.. HDRip.. megashare.. solarmovie.. BDRemux](https://www.reddit.com/3zj7eu),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Children.. of.. Men.. 2006"".. .. no.. registration.. 1280p.. look.. FilmClub.. torrent.. extratorrent](https://www.reddit.com/3zj7yw),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""There.. Will.. Be.. Blood.. 2007"".. .. movie.. english.. BrRip.. no.. registration.. coolmoviezone.. IPTVRip.. ac3](https://www.reddit.com/3zj81z),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Donnie.. Brasco.. 1997"".. .. sumotorrent.. download.. MOV.. BluRay.. MKV.. FilmClub.. link.. to.. view](https://www.reddit.com/3zj7jd),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Léon:.. The.. Professional.. 1994"".. .. extratorrent.. solarmovie.. streaming.. DVD5.. BDRemux.. VHSRip.. AVI.. without.. signing](https://www.reddit.com/3zj71z),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Kill.. Bill:.. Vol... 1.. 2003"".. .. FLV.. BDRip.. subtitles.. megashare.. video.. kickass.. x264.. putlocker](https://www.reddit.com/3zj7iq),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""Cloud.. Atlas.. 2012"".. .. dubbed.. without.. signing.. in.. hindi.. IPTVRip.. MP4.. torrent.. iPhone](https://www.reddit.com/3zj73l),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Mission:.. Impossible.. -.. Ghost.. Protocol.. 2011"".. .. android.. movie25.. dailymotion.. yts.. viooz.. free.. coolmoviezone.. yify](https://www.reddit.com/3zj7u3),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""L.A... Confidential.. 1997"".. .. direct.. link.. no.. pay.. viooz.. butler.. HDTS.. coolmoviezone](https://www.reddit.com/3zj6wl),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Green.. Mile.. 1999"".. .. XViD.. torrentz.. Tubeplus.. movie25.. BluRay.. x264.. HD](https://www.reddit.com/3zj7rs)"
"Aaargh!

I'll have to mark this comment. I've got utter crap for bandwidth at the moment -- 64kbps. (Yeah, I'm in Australia.)"
"was quantum mechanics already mentioned because it's the only correct answer to this question.

edit: tl;dr 5355 and growing comments to sort through and my worst trait is my passion for not going through with things..."
I want at least two front and back! 007rric@gmail.com
Well done! [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/getdisciplined/comments/3ziyiz/plan_tuesday_5_january_2016_please_post_your/) is Tuesday's list.
[deleted]
"(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧

"
With idea like that I bet you were the coolest kid.
Citrine Forktail?
"Digi #2708

Playing ladder at the moment. Last season rank 6 now trying to go higher! Add me for laddering/spectating and discussions of decks :)"
A firework.. people don't know what a gunshot sounds like
"I don't think so, at least not entirely. Askreddit was around before gold was a thing, and the responses were just as insightful, clever, punny, satirical, or whatever else. Now there's just extra  incentive to make a good comment, but that doesn't guarantee anything."
"Idea del cazzo.

Edit: i downvote mostrano solo ipocrisia. C'è tanta gentr bisognosa, ma di loro ce ne dimentichiamo perché tanto fa figo ospitare l'immigrato"
"Is it before 5pm? Look to your left. Now right. Look in front of and behind yourself. 50% of the people you just saw are on drugs.

Is it after 5pm? Look to your left. Now right. Look in front of and behind yourself. 90% of the people you just saw are on drugs."
"It would be very silly to get a new GM and HC and keep a DC who just never seems to get it right. The defense, which *should* be one of the better ones in the league is basically a joke. I can't see them not allowing the new coach to hire his own staff. Especially since they claim to be looking for people who can work together. 

You're looking at the guy who deserves to be fired far more than Farmer and Pettine. "
"Is that style air cushioned? "
"Yes they did storm the town, but nothing was reported following the storm so I would say it was unsucessful. "
[removed]
"He's salty that he can't smoke bongs on the weekend and the trial is only for sick kids. "
"Wouldn't that be Anti Liberal? Marxism is the analysis and critique of the development of capitalism and the role of class struggle in systemic economic change. It hasn't much to do with what the link suggests. That would be liberalism and there is a big difference between Marxism and liberalism. "
Darkle and tinct
"This might sound stupid but how do I get the app`? My misfit app has been totally buggy and not working anymore and I couldn't do anything but a factory reset, so I think I should be on the latest pebble version since it did an update, but I didn't get the health app with it..."
"Mate, you're a next level thug. "
[deleted]
"Just think about it in a purely hypothetical sense. The drug debate is inadequate when it reinforces an ""us vs them"" mentality."
Do you have a Logitech device and an android or apple smartphone
"According to the Armoury you can get this by doing strikes (Legacy, I presume as it's a TDB ship) or PoE.

Can't remember how I got mine, but I run it on my Warlock mainly because I don't see many of them around. "
[removed]
"Yep, it's free, go look for an apk!"
"Question! How old are you in this pic? This seems like the typical high school talent show/battle of the bands thing but you seem so much older! "
[removed]
"I agree. I am a PC gamer myself. But i also play on console. At one point i got so tired of hackers / aimbot so i started buying games for console instead of PC, and never looked back...

I can se that my original comment was voted down. But you all know its true. It`s to many hackers on PC..."
"Well, she is pretty good. 
but now she is very damn good :P "
"I think the latter is the best choice.  "
If you like Hudson Mohawke you might like SOPHIE.
"I agree. I noticed on this forum and the Steam one there are a few people who do nothing but mock and belittle people with problems.
While i got banned for a very innocent thing. Why is such anti-social behaviour tolerated. "
any records that place had got shredded over a week ago
"Damn, no wonder there's so much Asian male racism lol. My African brothers irl have never had a conversation with me without sharing racial jabs (this goes both ways)"
"then why in 50 years they have not annex the territory? and the UN charter allows the reunification of land divided by war, why would be any investigation about something that is legal?...

have you read the international law of belligerent occupation? maybe you'll be able to find something in it that Israel have violated because the ICC haven't.

comparing a country to *a shining beacon of western progressiveness and prosperity* is whataboutery; the Palestinians have more rights in the areas under Israel control than in the areas under Palestinian control...the ""strong"" respond that you mention cant even state what is the human rights of the Palestinians under Palestinian rule...is a ""weak"" respond base on ignorance and cherry picking...is the same with your entire argument that does not mention the Palestinians actions and only talks about Israel.

if you cant defend the Palestinian cause base on his merits you attack Israel base on your little knowledge of the law...as you say before:

&gt;""If you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. If you have the law on your side, argue the law. And if you have neither, attack the other side's character.""

stop attacking Israel character and start arguing about the facts and the law.

and that response it will never survive the contact with reality, you end up supporting an islamic dictatorship, the honor killing of women and public executions of gay people in the name of 'human rights'...is twitter+tumbrl; superficiality + ignorance.

what are you talking about...the middle east is about to fall into sunni vs shia conflict...israel is the best friend to have in the region, geopolitics is more important than likes on Facebook and you cant put *trigger warnings* to real life.

do you even know what you support? do you even support the palestinains or they are just tools in your hate of israel?"
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Just last month the local colleges went on break before the schools did.  There was a group of young college age guys playing basketball on the basketball court that happens to be near the school.

Facebook proceeded to blow up about being wary of this group immediately.  It wasn't even one guy, it was a group of guys just trying to play some basketball in their free time and they're being labeled as pedophiles just for being near a school.

Like it was the pedophile basketball association or some shit."
"Mission 12 of Ace Combat Zero: Stage of Apocalypsis. It's soundtrack fits amazingly well, and a lot of things happen there: Fighting that bomber formation while evading all the escort fighters (and then shooting them down of course), the belkan MIGS trying to shoot down the bombers, the nuclear explosion, Pixy joining A World With no Boundaries, the cutscene explaining the events. It's the best mission in the entire saga IMO."
I made a hot toddy out of Bruichladdich port Charlotte pc5 once...and I actually died and I actually went to heaven...
"Depending on your business it might be feasible to block entire countries' IP ranges from accessing your website. You might consider using something like this https://www.ip2location.com/blockvisitorsbycountry.aspx to generate a blacklist of IP address ranges. "
"It's a good thing. It's a way for groups to let their members focus on what they like doing rather than spending their game time grinding isk. The are problems with money moons, but those who wish them gone either have time to play all day or enough RL income to finance anything in-game with RL $$$ or have no idea what they are asking for."
What would you tell your 20yo self. Am I Sherlock Holmes or is this not hard to decipher?
"That's exactly how I feel! I'm hungry, but can't eat much at once, so I'm grazing all day. "
"Needed some Burger Kind glasses. "
NANA NA NA NANA NANA NAAAAA
"on a single target, which isn't enough to justify giving up reliable AOE damage, better team-wide utility, shorter CDs etc.

The kit she has just makes no sense for the way Smite works."
"I'm on PS4 and am not trying to start anything. I'm only recognizing that even after 9 years PSN still has flaws yet to be dealt with. I had both consoles last gen (got a ps3 in 2007 and X360 in 2011) and can confidently say that Xbox has the better online experience. Not to say that it's flawless, just that in my experience it has been more stable."
Ohh that's great..
How about Alex Mowatts banger though!?
I'd prefer just /r/RaiderNation
"&gt; I hate to say this

I feel like you don't hate to say this for some weird reason.

&gt;Getty up cowboy cause you about to get fucked, by an M16.

Oh yea that's probably why."
"Oh, that one. Yep, I'm waiting for the next release."
Not really. He's hit or miss with me. Didn't listen him at all until last year. Gave if you're reading this a chance like 2 months after it came out and I fucked with a few songs. I like what a time too. Other than that I don't listen to his music.  i've really only listened to is his stuff from 2015.
[removed]
"Open or install nvidia GeForce experience . in the battery saving option you'll find the fps limiter. The default is 30 fps. "
i added you! please add me!
Going without one is pretty impossible!
Are you on mobile?
"Nah, as somebody else said this is a niche sub and only people who are interested post here. I think probably 10-20% of the cousin posts are true with decreasing percentages for siblings and the parent child posts are most probably fantasy."
will do sir
[deal with it](https://nationalpostcom.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/trudeau1.jpg?quality=65&amp;strip=all)
Everyone reacts differently to mixing things. I take Xanax as needed for anxiety and drink on it several times a month yet I've only had an intense reaction 1 time. Have also discussed this with doctors who told me it's fine as long as you stay aware of how drinking on Xanax affects you. Not everyone on anti-anxiety Meds is sober.
"I'm not convinced people care about other people dying that much, given how many mass shootings there are.. nearly 1 a day for the last 3 years :/"
"Yeah, JWs gave up the 'white shirts only' thing back in the '70s, for what it's worth. Didn't want to be seen as too uptight. Same time and reason they stopped banning blowjobs, iirc..."
"Actually, thing is good! Here are some reasons why thing is good:

1) Reason 

2) Reason

3) Reason

4) Reason"
"Hi! You don't have your friend code in your flair. :c  **Your post/comment has not been deleted.**

[Edit your user flair here!](http://relaxedpokemontrades.tumblr.com/#btn)

Please allow a few minutes for the flair bot to update your flair and do not respond to its message.  If your flair has symbols, please message the mods to get your flair updated.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/relaxedpokemontrades) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"The world ends in like the first chapter, which is when zombies start eating everyone."
What on earth is happening!
"Thank you for your time, I’ll try respond in your format.

1.	I probably could cut down on my workload, at the moment it is increasing. Taking a break from it doesn’t really feel like an option though as I’m not sure I could go back. My dad has wanted me to have a law degree my whole life and with one year to go I feel like I owe it to him to continue. I have been abusing alcohol and weed both very hard recently and will try to cut on alcohol and I plan to cut weed off completely. I do need to see someone for counselling I’ll admit (online is easier to admit this on I must admit, my defence mechanisms face-to-face wouldn’t let me admit that), and will try arrange something immediately.

2.	I have told 2 people that I think I said I was a paedophile to someone to punish myself, and as they know me well I believe they considered it obviously implausible that I am. The greatest fear is that if my work gets called and told neither they nor I will be able to recover I suspect. I thought about telling my boss today but opening up to them about being suicidal is probably just as hard as telling them I said to someone I was a paedophile. Practically, not legally, I suspect one allegation, whether true or not, would likely leave me with a permanent label I could never lose. I am trying to find the courage to tell a friend but I’ve never opened up to people and I am scared of causing them to find themselves involved. I have very little memory of who the man was but have messaged as many party attenders as possible asking them if ‘I had a very fucked up conversation with them’. The person I now suspect is most likely, assuming it actually happened, isn’t replying. 

3.	My friend forgave me, I think, but that hasn’t really helped the guilt. I could have wrecked everything and his forgiveness is more painful than my betrayal. And yes, I truly desire to avoid heavy drinking as I’m so ashamed for who I seem to become, but it is hard to prioritise that as what does it matter if I’m drunk one more time if I am to die tomorrow? I know I should be looking long-term but that is exceptionally difficult at the moment. 

4.	I fear that it is a big deal and terrible things will happen to me. While I can explain what happened I think the initial backlash, regardless, will ensure that permanent debilitating damage will be done. Regardless of whether some ‘in circle’ people find out what really happened. I’m petrified of what might come after that. Furthermore, what if people just think I’m trying to make an excuse? 

5.	Life is too short to not live I guess but when I get low all I can think about is how my living at best doesn’t positively affect anyone but more likely all I am, and will ever be, is a burden on others. 

6.	Responding to you message has been very emotional and I am truly thankful for your kind words. Please know that if things don’t work out for me I still greatly appreciate what you have done for me.
"
Stir-fried
"Great response, survivors guilt is terrible.

I don't know the specifics but I remember a story of an olympian(?) saving two kids from a car accident and he died while doing it. The two kids grew up to be alcoholics because they felt guilty that an Olympian had given his life up for them and they couldn't live with it.

Very sad"
"If it's just a head lice, that would be easy to treat. But if it aimed for the bushes, you might need to see a doctor. Have it checked just to be sure. "
Running `% sudo pacman -S noto-fonts-emoji`atm. Am I stupid? I guess we'll see.
"Deulofeu has been undroppable for me, he is one of my best performers the whole year. Great dribbbling stats and surprisingly good at shooting and passing despite them being in the 60s. I will probably try shaqiri anyways. I already have mirallas but he is my super sub. Have you used muller at cm? I thought about it but went with lahm for his defensive stats. "
they could pitch their voices tho
5/7 at best. Driving. Will upload pic later. Just amazed at yet another fire
"Working in intelligence. I worked in the intelligence sector for several years. People may think it is like James Bond or an episode of 24 but in reality the work is monotonous and you're in front of a computer screen all day. Only on the rare occasion will you be working on something exciting. In any case, I found it a rewarding experience all around. "
What kind of sales. I'm very interested in sales so please tell all. Any advice welcome
"p.s. if you are truly worried about ""people being raped"" i would like to bring it to your attention that there is an immense, uncomparably greater sexual abuse against women produced by the nice white hillbillies like you. 

Sexual abuse against women is a serious topic D:, stop fucking blaming bullshit accidents and actually stop abusing women, 1 in 3 women has experienced sexual or physical abuse. That means they are all around, very likely in your family circle, very likely propogated by your relatives. If you truly care about the suffering caused by abuse upon women, please do not focus on imaginary 1 time stories, but make sure to focus on preventing abuse against women, where you can and where it matters, that is in your immediate environmnet."
"Excellent build, but you could go with a more reliable&amp;modular PSU such as the EVGA Supernova 650."
"Yep I have known many bottoms with dicks even larger then mine, I know one who likes to hop on cam on skype and suck himself off for me. Nothing wrong with liking what you like."
SO like minions have done with our world?
"I'd wish, even though I'm kinda scared about it."
What did they spoil?
I think most people agree it's the most beautiful zone in the game. I think most people also agree it's the worst zone in the game to quest in. Well...besides Silithus or vanilla Azshara.
They're used on the Dragon 2 to store the fuel for the SuperDracos. Titanium wrapped in a carbon fibre composite if I remember correctly. I imagine they use them elsewhere too. Spherical tanks.
"I think it's partially the close contact. Trails are narrow, you'll be right by the person. Ignoring their existence is much harder when they're right by you (closer than on a sidewalk or in a street). Also, passing someone while hiking (or being passed) often involves one party having to actually stop and let the other go by. At that point contact is initiated already so it's the natural thing to say ""hi"" rather than just sullenly stop on the trail."
Ja det gör man.
K got it
"Not only do I think it would work, but I think they would do it. Rogen is definitely a fan of comic books and is even working with DC on Preacher. "
No sadly not. You can turn them off but not individually. You have to turn off all notifications. If you are on Xbox( that's what I'm assuming you're on because you said achievements and not trophies) you go to Settings&gt;Preferences&gt;Notifications.
"lol, ads? what is this, 2005?"
"Yeah, but this is one of the worst."
"How conservative are we talking? Like Palin conservative? Because if so, fuuuuuuck I've got to start doing squats"
[deleted]
[deleted]
Gorgeous legs
"Knight is a grad transfer.  He is eligible, but most expect him to be QB2"
"Like you, I'm basing this off of my own personal experience.  IIRC, MegaUpload used to exempt certain downloads from this requirement, possibly because the uploader paid for a certain subscription level.

In any case, the fact is that most MegaUpload files that I encountered had to be broken-up and I ended-up getting blocked by the ""free limit"".  Fortunately, I was able to get around this by changing my MAC address and powercycling my cable modem (release/renew was insufficient) to change my IP address and clearing browser cookies.  It was a royal pain in the ass, but I liked the irony of stealing content from them that they stole from someone else.  Charging for access to pirated content just makes all pro-sharing people like bad.

As for the larger issues involved, you'll get little argument from me.  I'm just saying that Kim Dotcom is probably the WORST choice for a test case.  At any rate, he's a greedy, lying scumbag who's finally getting what he deserves, even though his capture could set a dangerous precedent.

Say what you like about Snowden.  He was acting out of a sense of principle.  Kim Dotcom, on the other hand, was just profiting off of other people's work like any other white-collar criminal.  He should share a cell with some bank CEOs...."
"There's another difference. What he's talking about is horrible, but it broke US military law. Some of what he's quoting is from court martial records. Don't get me wrong, GIs were involved in rape that went unpunished. But most of the cases described are drunk assholes running amok. The comfort women were state and military sponsored sex slavery. It's all bad, but that strikes me as different.

"
Or literally the entire country except NYC and parts of CA...
"Didn't know that. So, refusing to treat them isn't in violation of medical codex."
[deleted]
thx king
Is it even worth going through the whole Reddit or Stormfront rote again?
He just straight up put a pin in his penis because someone told him to
Trump has a strong position on wealth inequality actually. Just because he's rich doesn't mean he doesn't want to redistribute the wealth and raise taxes on the rich. Be careful on this topic.
"I still haven't seen a single spoiler so it's possible to avoid. 

Ironically I wouldn't mind as I have no intention of ever seeing the movie. "
"I am. "
"Stop acting like this was a controversial decision. If you really think the decision was bad, you must be new to the sport."
If its ok with you I would like to know what happened on that day that those kids tried to rob you. This info might also be helpful for others too :)
[deleted]
[removed]
"This! If you look down while walking, make a conscious effort to look forward instead.

It might sound stupid, but it's a small way of physically manifesting ""I'm not just a wriggling pile of shit"""
"Nope, you see models only from the top :("
Thank you for the initiative - the sub was losing steam despite the growing importance of the Turkish language.
Yep. This is design over function. Absolutely pointless waste of money.
"Packed bus into Waterloo but I'm hoping the majority get off at Vauxhall to get the tube. Always feel awkward sitting on the outer seat because I often get looks of disapproval and annoyance. And once I do sit down then they tut and move their bag off the seat as if it's a massive effort. 

Read an interesting article about the average person http://www.telegraph.co.uk/men/thinking-man/meet-the-man-who-can-teach-you-how-not-to-be-average/"
"*facepalm*

Spider Robinson is an author I enjoy..."
"I'm struggling to see the relevance. So because there is one black man involved in the Academy Awards telecast, Hollywood doesn't have a race problem? Letting Chris Rock *host* the Oscars completely cancels out the shocking lack of black nominees?

Man, redditors are all about ""logic and reason"" about everything except race and feminism. Then it all goes out the window."
"Yeah. You guys seemed like you had the roughest time of any country. We would look over at your table and everyone seemed so defeated. 

I agree though, I think playing before would've definitely helped. The Japanese scientist had played before and they had a massive science advantage over the rest of the teams. "
"But if you are really lucky, you could have two golden birthdays!"
[deleted]
"Linux Updates are like:

&gt; User: Hey, do you have any updates?

&gt; Tux: Yup, package1,2,3,... wanna update?

&gt; User: Ok

&gt; Tux: Ok, I'll do it for you, won't interrupt you"
"I went out of my way to set up a google alert that told me every time someone said anything about my pseudonym the internet. That is a perfect example of harassment and cyberviolence. Censor the Internet! - Zoe Quinn ^^Paraphrased. "
"The good thing about TW3 is that the quests are so good they are worth doing for their own sake, XP and loot are pretty irrelevant. If only all games had this level of quality of their content."
"&gt;Yes the writing was instrumental to telling that story but none of that would have mattered without the performers

The writing is the most important part of every single film. "
"That was probably the best thing I've seen in weeks, thank you."
money
"* Winner: Team of hooligans
* Duration (min): 23
* First Blood (min): 4
* Positive Votes: 0
* Negative Votes: 0"
"Then they blamed Stalin for it for the English baccalaureate, but it was voted against by the party."
"But that's not the problem imo because it's only fair that the strongest shoulders carry more of the weight. The problem is that they completely bypass Eastern Europe and want to settle in Western Europe.

Germany can easily take 100.000 refugees but not the millions at once. "
"http://www.futbin.com/16/squad/223263 

I'd say this is more balanced and you'll probably do better with it. "
"Fellow Phoenician here. Saw that news story and asked a friend how it is AZ had had so many wrong way drivers recently. 

That's crazy, glad you're alright!"
"joining the comment chain. hardly played since first few weeks and 3.7GB download.

MGO going Live?"
"That thing looks dangerous, man. Like a little kid made it. "
"Aura of the Go Faster! I miss it. :( "
It's not extreme but it's a prime example of why that stuff isn't supposed to be brought up in the workplace. It's always the people that preach it the most are the biggest offenders...
[deleted]
There really isn't. I did my dissertation on this. In the UK there is no legal definition.
"Doubt it, its one of the big 4 of Melbourne. So much history, long list of supporters."
"Your submission has been automatically removed pending manual approval because your account does not meet the minimum karma or account age requirements of /r/worldnews for submitting from an uncommon domain. 

If you are new to reddit, we suggest you read

* [reddit 101](http://www.reddit.com/r/help/comments/2bx3cj/reddit_101/)

* [How reddit works](http://www.redditblog.com/2014/07/how-reddit-works.html)

* [The rules of /r/worldnews](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/wiki/rules)

You may also want to review the [Reddit guidelines regarding spam](http://www.reddit.com/help/faq#Whatconstitutesspam) and the [wiki on self-promotion on reddit](http://www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion). 

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/worldnews) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
I would like to know also made an order two weeks ago still hasn't shipped out.
"heyyy, the man himself! Thanks, /u/remyroy for your compiling &amp; packaging work.


aside: if I wanted to build the curses version myself, is there a list of current deps anywhere?"
It absolutely changed me as a person. My experience serving as a guard changed my entire outlook on life and taught me the meaning of selfless service.
"Super decent, Brorock Brobama."
"I'm having the same problems as yours.
I'm starting the game with a bat file, and replaced voice pack downloaded from bnsdojo, but I'm stuck on logo splash screen and errors out.

How'd you fix it?"
Touche!
"Funny man. It takes brain power and strategy to play chess. We all know SJWs lack those things, let alone use them."
Trapped by zugzwang and no one willing to call in the threefold repetition rule.
"Looks like it's going to be a challenge ending up in a good position after that, though."
"Row 3, Column 7. 

http://imgur.com/gallery/x8lMXSd/new"
"&gt; I asked him (tried to do some small talk) on why he was late

Yeah in that situation, I wouldn't have considered asking. It doesn't matter if you were right, it matters if you get the job. If you couldn't bite your tongue when you're supposed to be at your most polite, it's not a good sign for later on.

&gt;I had an onsite that I arrived 30 minutes early (couldn't help it)

You couldn't wait in your car? "
Can I be your right hand man then Neko-senpai? Congrats by the way!
Pissed the bed a ton. Completely drenched in my own urine. Had to wash the sheets and comforter 3 times and could still smell it. Entire room smelled like old piss for at least a week.
"That may be true. So is penicillin and excedrin. I think calling all people who drink (casually or at an alcoholic level) low class is a bit of a stretch/pretentious. "
"doesn't work, just has a poison splat but doesnt poison"
desktop
[deleted]
"Awesome! I know a friend to whom this tonguetwister means a lot for some reason, would be so cool to send it to her! But at least I'll show her this picture. :)"
"What ever the reason, even if you are going to save few lakhs of rupees of if you drop., PLZ DO NOT QUIT.

i'M EXAMPLE OF THIS. DROPPED OUT OF COLLEGE STRUGGLING TO GET JOBS THOUGH I HAVE EXPERIENCE.,"
all time fav artist in vaporwave
Pleasure to help. Did you edit the files manually with a text editor and a tutorial or did you use an application like `alacarte` or `menulibre`?
I don't care. That sub should be waaaay more popular.  Or is it only me who finds that cool?
[deleted]
That one again. Is it that time of the year or something?
"I can imagine, all it'd take is someone having different pronunciation than what the program reads.  I'd imagine accents would hinder it as well."
You bullied her into leaving school and you want us to laugh about it?
He's probably ugly and poor
His beach chair in the north.
"I've met many people who think ""it's about damn time a woman got the job."" They don't objectively care who would be better. It's really infuriating "
those were other people. you can have a party of 4 people (you +3)
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Self promotion is not allowed.


Your post has been removed. Please read the rules in the sidebar."
"Already joined Granite MD. :) And I really would like to scale down, I'm mentally set to use Fn+{1…=} as F1…F12 keys. And if the board is programmable, I can remap arrows for gaming use for any keys I like, so it's not a big problem too.

I looked at the 75%, and only Noppo Choc Mini is available for me, but I'm a bit worried about the build quality. Also, Magicforce 68 is available for me, but I really don't know if it's worth buying, couldn't find any thorough reviews."
"I have this lady friend who refers to me as handsome. It's nice because she is the only woman to compliment me without having fucked her. The fact that all of my girlfriends have not complimented me until we have had sex always bothered me. "
"Looked up exact stat on Wiki, and it's surprising he's only been first-team All-Pro once, and 3 times All-Pro overall. I remembered he was dominant for many years, but I guess you had to mix in some dominant years by Moss, Owens, Megatron, Andre Johnson, and Marvin Harrison. Still, I thought Fitz would have been recognized more (9x Probowls, but that's more popularity anyway).

In terms of HOF, he's surely in, but at this point, he's nowhere near a first-ballot HOF. Even Moss and Owens, two guys that have had more insane catches than about anyone else, are not surefire first-ballots. Fitz is the best postseason receiver ever, except he doesn't make it every year which would surely help his case. A ring this year would also help his case. But it'll depend on how many more years he plays and at what level. He's always been elite, but there's a long list of dominant receivers that wasn't first-ballot, guys like Irvin or Carter or Harrison. Jerry Rice was first-ballot, but that was a no-brainer for the all-time leading receiver, 3x SB champ, and usually one of the top 3 players to ever play the game period. But receivers usually wait anyway."
"Hello,

This diancie is uncloned, correct?

Could you clarify what you mean by ""Got it from event trading with a friend""? Does it have any proof?

Also, would you mind taking a picture of its summary screen? You can upload it to an image-hosting site such as [Imgur](https://imgur.com) and post the link here."
"Yes my son, it is I. "
Wow nice pull.
Well i dont normal stop jerking till its done taking its beating and spewing everywhere
Inquisitr
OH GOD NO!
"Never seen a divine drop in my life, got 4 exalts in drop this league, played long enough to have more than 20 in my stash at the same time, got more or less that in value in gear at the moment. So yeah, I don't know. Damn RNG."
[deleted]
"""An epi pen that you might need for insulin""

Epi pens are called epi pens because they have epinephrine, silly announcer.

And I HOPE that lady didn't have an allergic reaction so severe as to need an epi pen to be passed through the crowd to reach her."
I forgot to remove encryption. So I'm encrypted. Naptime is an app that enforces doze settings. (it will force the cpu to go in idle state once screen is turned off). Check the XDA thread for purenexus for info about Android Pay.
the timer to be detected should be 0 seconds instead of 2
Is generalizing an entire country based on ones own animosity not racist?
"Trilla "
" Jävligt roligt att se att vi stockholmare inte är dem enda som kan bli helt förlamade av snö. "
"I was hoping for the complete exercise list, if you have one. Don't worry if not. Also, I'm sure the accusations of being on gear are extra motivation for you - what greater compliment could there be? :)"
YAAS
"Looks fine to me. I mean, it's not a spectacular beard, but you are obviously pretty young and it looks as good as you could hope for really. As long as you trim any wonky, asymmetrical parts and comb your hair (and wash it) you have nothing to worry about. "
"Ain't no bitch ever gon fuck me like that. "
If you spend all week standing in heels last thing you want to do is stand in heels at an event on the weekend. :)
"I frequently tell her that the kids are much more aware than she chooses to believe.  She tried last night to use the ""[Daughter] is concerned about us because we were fighting."" In an attempt to get me to act like nothing was wrong.  I'm tired of pretending nothing is wrong."
"""Every planet in the canon""????

Not even remotely close to being correct.

There were far more planets in Battlefront 2 though, the amount of planets in the current game is really lackluster."
"There are some details that we are holding onto.  We have a couple of patents that protect the process, but we don't want to go out of the way to explain the details until there is something actually on the market.

What I can disclose at this time is that we are using official Cherry MX RGB switches.  We are able to measure the position of the plunger inside the switch and by measuring the position of all 4 WASD keys we can send and X, Y Joystick Axis of the left thumbstick of an xbox 360 controller.  This video goes into a bit more detail:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srvH2t2vvpM"
"Also PPG Doesn't have them by number, it alphabetizes them. "
"No, only brightness controls and one customizable configuration of lights "
robert was anxious for additional vaccinations
What's your shipping success rate to Norway? Since it's on the 'doping list' I am guess zero?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
/r/bannedfromme_irl
"She's more casual about it in The Cradle of Life.  "
"Yeah, same with mangahere but at least there are tsukkomis, also no shitty text at the bottom of each page. Other than that those aggregators should be avoided anyway "
Riot Bros 4 lyfe
"I had no idea the Positron was so small.  I prefer smaller knives and this one just made the list.  Just got a small Sebenza so it won't be for a long while.  "
"If you want to be untouchable get a person to go w25 and splash on you

I can do it if you want"
"If you've not killed anyone yet and gave Undyne the water in Hotland you can simply reload your save and go hang out with Papyrus and Undyne instead of re-fighting Asgore.

From there the game should shunt you into the True Pacifist Route through a phone call on the way to the core.

If Undyne wasn't given water, I don't know for sure, but I've heard that locks the pacifist route off."
"I did once I saw the second quarter. The Warriors did a great job of making the Spurs feel uncomfortable. Warriors did a wonderful job of that in Q2 to make it feel like it was over by then. 

Edit: more detail

"
I don't know I just pasted it into the style guide...
"Yes, they did in fact. They knew friends and family here in England from before they came......The UK being in india for 300 years helped many to understand the culture and religions. Sikhs have been in Western Europe for over 100 years,  yet East Europe is relatively new and has always been closed off. UK, is English speaking, and plus when my dad came to the UK in 1962, the UK gov actively gave work permits, not like now where many come 'to study'. Yeah right!..we all know its to work illegally."
[deleted]
The later episodes definitely get a lot darker and funnier. Especially the end of the one this clip is from lol
"[tetris effect](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tetris_effect)

this has happened to me with a few games, but especially with tetris.  when i used to play it obsessively i would play full games with my eyes closed while trying to go to sleep.  got to the point that i would see flashes of falling pieces when i blinked.  it started to freak me out a bit since there is no controlling it"
"It appears the Maidenhead game has been cancelled. Void on bet365
http://whitehawkfc.com/maidenhead-match-called-off/"
"[That's why Anzu gets the title of best daughter.](http://i.imgur.com/DPkkbLV.png) "
"Wow, eu tinha uma vaga ideia de que PHP é popular no país, mas isso, isso é demais."
"Not sure we have enough content on here to start banning those posts, it's not like there is a wealth of amazing content being hidden because of it.

I agree it's a boring conversation but I guess I don't see what blocking them would do"
"Yay, glad to see he made it to safety! "
"[Here is one for you.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szrof4WJsKw)  
"
I agree that that arm looks like it's in a strange position. Can't really see the red though
"Seriously, could you please fuck off to /r/sino or something. "
Will do man your name is Gray there right?
"On second thought, it is a little funny.  The Alberta oil industry is about as legitimate as Skeeter down the street selling weed to 10-year-olds."
"But there is a difference between wanting to be able to control who comes into the country and hate. I've listened to some of his speeches and he isn't extreme at all. People are quick to call him extreme but the same thing happens every election. Any candidate that is not liberal is labeled extreme. That stuff doesn't even mean anything to me anymore because these people even labeled Bush, McCain, and Romney extreme. Give me a break. "
Cheers!
"Bipedal sex God: Lord Virat. "
"Oh, man, that was my first bike."
Girls really shouldn't penetrate their vejayjay with stuff that's been in the pooper without a proper cleaning first.
I would tell you to confront her. I wouldn't mention the fake Fb user. However I would ask her directly and wait for her to give the truth. The unfortunate part about this is that you have been lied to in the past. She may or may not lie to you again. Give her the opportunity to be honest your gut will help you determine the weight in truth of her answer. I have been through this experience but not in the exact same way. I'm sorry you are going through this. You seem to be a very forgiving person which is an admirable quality but don't let your forgiving nature destroy your self being. Good luck and update us 💜
One reason why committee chairs command so much power.
"Final fantasy 15, persona 5, star ocean 5. "
"Yes. Go to court. $180 seems excessively harsh for an honest mistake. Just tell the truth and have Presto printouts to back up your story re *rarely take O-Train, not used to external tappers etc.*

Worst case is you pay the $180"
"https://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq

Also, each sub has a purpose and this is not the purpose of r/funny. Try this on r/askreddit or r/self in the future. "
"Actually the show is already out, and it's pretty good. They took it in a cop show direction but the main character has a completely different personality than Eddie Morra. It's a lot more light hearted with jokes thrown in."
There are none
"Just to make this even sillier, such a cluster isn't really significantly powerful in the sense of ""you can use it to do things actual super computers are used for"", as best as I can tell this is mostly a ""I did it because I could do it"" kind of project that then went viral, where idiots like OP re-posted it as evidence of their supposed 1337ness."
"Were my first sentences too subtle? Notice the *non sequitur*, ""no one cares if it is slavery, therefore it is not slavery."" And the other paragraphs are not ambiguous.

Maybe my last paragraph, supporting the value of *regional defense,* has confused you. Regional defense is not *national defense.* And it is certainly not organized as a compulsory statist army.

The State's agents and supporters compel and force peaceful individuals to fight for their army. That is oppression. The statists are evil and wicked."
I've heard it mentioned that having single payer would lower car insurance costs because there would be no medical liability factored in. I know this doesn't answer your question but it's another variable to consider.
"Private/Public partnership would greatly help.

Government can take care of capital costs for setting up a building. Private companies can sign a long term lease and have daycare business with affordable rates. "
"This is from that old DeVry institute commercial right? "
"I notice a slight shortness of breath after chain vaping but it's nothing like tobacco. After a few hours of not vaping it's back to normal. No pain, no coughing, and no phlegm even after 2 years of vaping. Hell, I feel worse after eating junk food than I ever do vaping. It's still not as good as not vaping but i don't think it's like you're destroying your health. "
[removed]
"im really looking to meet up and talk with people who wand in the forest so i hope i get to meet you!! "
"&gt; Is there any resource or website that you can point me towards where I can learn these sort of active flexibility exercises?

If you find one, let me know! 

That said, Fit &amp; Bendy has a DVD routine called [Bendy Body](http://www.fitandbendy.com/about-2-2), which emphasizes on active flexibility. I did it myself, and it was like I got a tour around my own body. With active flexibility training, it's not just gaining strength, half the battle is learning what muscles you need to utilize, access them and fire them on command. I didn't continue with it for long because life happened, but it helped me figure out some things and some of the exercises I do all the time.

&gt; Also, correct me if I'm wrong here. To improve the ROM in active flexibility movement, is it necessary to improve on passive stretching more then more to strengthening the stretch OR is it recommended to work on the active flexibility itself to get more strength and ROM? (hopefully you understood what I just said).

So what usually happens is that people have more passive ROM than active ROM. They can theoretically get that leg higher, but they muscles are not strong enough to haul it there. 

I don't see why it wouldn't be possible to gain flexibility through active flexibility work. When you stretch a muscle you use a force on it to make it go to the end of ROM. It could be you hands, a band, a wall, a floor, a partner, your body weight, or the opposing muscle group too. 

Since external force is much easier to leverage (if it wasn't, we wouldn't be doing the stretch was way, right?), you get more force against your tight muscle, and hence more stretching. When you use purely your own muscles, you have to build strength *while* your opposing muscle group resists a stretch, which is even hard than just building strength.

So bottom line, it's possible, but not the easiest way to go about gaining more ROM. On the plus side, your flexibility gains are much more persistent and you are able to do what the girl in the gif does. "
I work in insurance and I am at a desk for 90% of my day.  Even with a 1.5-2 mile run I sometimes struggle to hit 10K in a day just because of confinements at work.
"""world news"" "
"It wins at sorcery speed, which means it's definitely not as broken as it could be. You could just play all lands plus 7 actual cards and you have, for most intents and purposes as much mana as you need, and a perfect starting hand."
"Looks beautiful! As an Apple Watch user I would love to see that white background on my portfolio, but still great! Happy its on Android Wear too!

"
Ap voters are stupid that's why.  One of the voters dropped providence 3 spots after they beat nova
"Tbf we were kind of resting ourselves in that game. Same thing happened at Bournemouth, no-one looked arsed but against Boro we played with so much determination. We're shite at home anyway.

I expect us to go through if we play like we've done in the last 2 ties."
"ITT: Trump supporters suffering from ""persecution complex""

I keep seeing ""If this happened at a Bernie's rally""...stuff like this happen it just don't get much attention since most if it isn't accurate attacks on Sander's character."
"How do the ends not justify the means? You think the aborted fetus should just be disposed of as medical waste when its stem cells are invaluable to medical treatments and advancements? What about when someone dies but their organs could save ten lives respectively? Do those ends not justify the means either? Is it just because the fetus was aborted? What if the woman had miscarried? Abortions have always happened, it just so happens that we have evolved to the point where women are respected enough that instead of doing it in their tub with a coat hanger or taking a series of ""herbs"" it is now done in a safe and sterile environment, and there is now the added bonus that the fetal tissue can be used to make life saving medical treatments. Those ends totally justify the means. "
"I thought it was the German imperialists who assisted the Bolsheviks coming to power in Russia? They were the ones that sent Lenin to Moscow in a train cart paid for by the Kaiser Reich. 

Are you saying that Jews in both the US and the USSR collaborated in a way to bring those two powers into alliance and then manipulated them to stop a war developing between the US and USSR? What might they have to gain?"
"I've been there, but once you start it's impossible to stop.  Try to get to away games too, they're a whole different experience.  "
"If you are putting any faith in the libtard totalitarians or the communists  proclaiming to be socialists,  that ship has already sailed."
Most other industrialized countries have already believed that for a long time. America is just now starting to come around to that idea.
"Love it. The more reviews, the better. There are so many juices that don't have any reviews or aren't even added yet. The 'add' feature on the bot definitely needs to be utilized and thanks for bringing this to everyone's attentions. :)"
yeah this pretty much. i hate the sort of person who hops in an esf and flies over to a base they recently lost just to shoot some people waiting in the vehicle queue.
[deleted]
"&gt;  Gorillas are durable and poking them with spears isn't going to stop them

This is why you avoid the gorilla and just make pit traps, and tip the spikes with poop. You're not gonna kill a gorilla with handmade weapons unless you actually know what you're doing, but you could probably give them an infection. "
"Connect it to iTunes and update to 9.2.1.
Or you could update to 9.2 if you are hoping that it might be jailbreakable before 9.2.1. "
"Tv's and computers probably. "
"His instant kamehameha didn't need the finger tap. The fingers just help him concentrate. And he had instant transmissioned to bulma before. He says its hard to do because her ki is so weak it looks like everyone elses. So he can definitely feel the ki of all those people in the air. He just might have trouble sensing who they are, but not where there are."
"This will be my first time fly fishing, or fishing for trout at all for that matter. But I know there are a number of [stocked trout streams](http://www.georgiawildlife.org/sites/default/files/uploads/wildlife/fishing/pdfs/trout/2015%20GeorgiaTroutStocking.pdf) around ga. 

Rock creek is supposed to be some of the best trout fishing in Ga, but it's not necessary to use a fly rig. But I don't really know about fly fishing in general. I'm looking for more information myself."
"Well, this is a little odd of a post, but nevertheless, I think mushrooms tend to give the user a peek of what a meditative state can do. I like to think of it as though we have a certain amount of attention points. We can either focus in on one thing or zoom out and receive multiple streams of information in a shallow way. 

Mushrooms, neurologically speaking, appears to limit activity in the self-centers of the brain, limit default mode network, and strengthen other connections in the brain. [Source](http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/medical_examiner/2014/07/psilocybin_in_brain_scans_magic_mushrooms_mimic_sleep_and_enhance_associations.html)

From a subjective perspective, I like to think this gives the user more ""attention points"" to play with - the ability to become ""absorbed in"" a single moment with a greater degree of depth, or the ability to ""zoom out"" and see ones self as just a thing part of small part of an ongoing process all around us. 

Both of these experiences are meditative experiences as well, and require skills in attention and sustained practice to cultivate.

Your guess, I think, is pretty on point. I doubt you were able to reach anywhere near what psilocybin would do, but you might have been able to peek behind the curtain for just a moment to at least be able to imagine it. "
"Ok, sure, that may be the case - but that doesn't mean Jalis as a legend is underpowered. You exclusively run Jalis/Glint in raids and fractals (assuming organized groups, so of course you have a Chrono)."
Shitpost
[removed]
"This is Jan 26th, 2016 Edition. :D"
"I work at a Waste Water Treatment Plant and it's located on Brownsville Highway. No joke. "
"It's a conception of morality based on utility and reality - not some abstract notions that don't function in the real world. "
"[](#su-brokenlapis)  
Mirrored post from the tumblr blog ""Iceflame Odu"":

[Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/1fUDwOP.jpg)  


---
^(I am a bot. If I did something wrong, )
[^(let me know)](/message/compose/?to=kupiakos&amp;subject=LapisMirror)^(. | )
[^(FAQ)](/r/stevenuniverse/comments/39ityx/_/)
^( | )
[^(Source)](https://github.com/kupiakos/LapisMirror)
"
"Hey, if you want someone to talk to about what you are going through and your struggles, go ahead and PM me "
"&gt; Vance,

&gt; My list of people I'd like to stomp on is very long and detailed, and such a beast could be quite helpful. Unfortunately, my Maester tells me that these creatures aren't used to cold, and winter is approaching. Besides, damn thing would probably eat through our granaries in no time.

&gt; Surely you understand.

&gt; \- Walder Frey, Lord Paramount of the Trident."
"I really recommend visiting /r/abrathatfits they can help but you in really comfortable bras that can help reduce those nerve twinges.  

Glad you're doing so well! "
"- ""Very few people in any religion take their ""holy texts"" literally.""

No, most people do take their ""holy texts"" literally. 

- ""Same applies(fortunately) for pretty much all Christians and Muslims in the world.

A claim made in pure ignorance. 

- ""Bad-behaving minority should NEVER be taken as representative of the whole.""

First of all, this minority of people are just doing what the Quran is telling them to do. According to the Quran itself, this bad-behaving minority are the ""good"" muslims and the nonviolent majority are the ""bad"" muslims. 

Secondly, you're suppose to judge an ideology by what it teaches and not by the actions of those who claim to follow it. If a group of murderers went around claiming to be buddhists, that wouldn't all of a sudden make buddhism a violent ideology. Conversely, Islam teaches very hateful, evil things. It teaches to kill anyone who isn't Islamic, to murder women who have been raped, that women are just property that men own, etc, etc. Islam teaches evil things, which makes it an evil ideology. 

Lastly, using the same logic, you would either have to say the exact same thing of today's Nazis or you would be holding a double standard. Only a minority of today's Nazis actually commit violence, so should you treat them as a perfectly moral group of people? Absolutely not. Just a Nazis are evil for believing evil things, so too are muslims. 

"
I can assure you that's a scam. Stay very far from that. See here http://www.cruisecritic.com/news/news.cfm?ID=4035
"I would bring that up to PCC. That's a very hostile work environment in my opinion. If you have to fight for your job and are suffering physically from stress, that is unacceptable. I agree with a lot of people who have commented, please make your best effort to prevent this manager from doing more damage to people's lives. I for one would love to hear the outcome either way. Most managers aren't this bad. You need the opportunity to have a good manager. I'm so sorry this is happening to you."
Bahaha that's a bit random...
"It just looks like a game similar to Journey, hell they even said it was inspired by Myst. So it's essentially a 3D Puzzle Game with some artistic flair at its most base elements. It looks nice."
[removed]
"To be fair, through most of Church history it has been assumed that most people, even most Catholics, are going to Hell. "
"&gt; Fluff degrees

Art isn't fluff, even if you decided to treat it that way"
"You try getting up that high and scraping all that off before your shitty minimum wage shift starts.  "
why not have our attacking be sneijder - podolski - linnes - sinan... feel like they would tear shit up
Networking.  Get certs and work to understand your company's network topology.
The sense of achievement is unreal when you make something for the first time and don't fuck it up. Especially the more complicated recipes. Congrats on the beignets!
"Ok, so to elaborate on my answer, follower notifications should be silent where as donation notifications should run on a tiered system, with sounds that progressively stand out more the higher the donation. "
"Don't forget that Aldo does have some pretty damn decent wrestling still though. Just not RDA level obviously. "
I hope you mean that the way I think you mean that.
My husband always wore them for work.  Red Wing is stamped on the heel.
"I waitressed for awhile and it was surprising to me the amount of people who went out of their way to tell me how awesome I was and say hi to me while I was working. I have a bit of a reputation as being a little rough around the edges and a bit bossy, so it was refreshing that I could just be myself, with a smile and a bit of polite, and people loved it."
"32/64 bit in a single executable isn't generally supported for native code (there's different rules for managed such as C#) - I don't know of any compilers that support it. There's no technical reason why it couldn't be done - the code can identify whether it's running as 32-bit, or as IA-32e (32 or 64 bit) by checking a couple of flags - and update certain jumps etc as appropriate. Life gets really, really complicated doing any sort of mixed-mode though, as there's not just a difference in registers available etc but the very memory layout itself is different.

Note that there's a difference between 32-bit, and 32-bit running on a 64-bit CPU. The former is called 32-bit, the latter is IA-32e compatability sub-mode.

Optimizing for different instruction sets is different as it's a compiler option that can be changed on a per-file basis. So, for example, with the Microsoft compiler, and Visual studio, you can use /arch:avx to compile 64 bit with AVX extensions. IIRC there's nothing stopping you from compiling the same file twice, with different /arch settings (and different function names using the preprocessor directives /arch provides) then linking them in the same library or executable, and then using function points in the main (generic) part of the library to point to the function to use depending on cpuid.

I can provide you with some example code if you're interested in a way to do that.

As for the compiler creating code which implements this (i.e. which generates both generic and feature-specific code, then makes the decision on which to use at runtime), I don't think the Visual Studio/MS compiler supports this, but I _think_ that gcc -mtune option does. To be fair though, I haven't double-checked - it would be simple enough to do - compile some code that would benefit from such a feature, gcc mtune to use it and with the -S option, then check the resulting .s file which gcc spits out."
And that most of the trailer content was cut
God they don't even realize that if Sanders wins the nomination they have exactly zero chance in the general election. That's spectacular.
"There's also the AVT lan this weekend at Ellerslie race course I think. "
"Try this:

http://echo.jatsby.com/ThemeEngine_111.zip
  "
"There was also a message in the continuity announcement that it was fictional. Most of the worst affected tuned in late. "
"I can live in close proximity of someone and never meet them or know anything about them. I rented before I bought. The last rented house was one that I stayed in for 3 years. I was familiar with one person. The rest? I didn't know a damn thing about them. And that's fine with me. And apparently them because they never made any effort to meet me, either.

A neighborhood is not a tribe unless you make it so. Again, the default state is *nothing*. It remains nothing until you modify it. The default state of a neighborhood is not a tribe. It's nothing. If you want to make it a tribe, then go ahead and try. But pretending that others should be held to your preferred notions of *something* is control freak behavior. *Nothing* doesn't become *something* until everyone involved comes to an agreement. This tribe is not default. It requires action to make it happen. It requires modifications from the default of *nothing*.

State noise laws cover that. Those are (usually) reasonable. The local law has this covered. There's no need to add a second layer of enforcement on top of that.

But, sometimes, I'll let the noise go by unmentioned. That one neighbor who I did know had a 56 Chevy in his driveway that he was restoring. He was a morning person. Once or twice a month he would hammer, grind, and weld at what I considered to be too early. I never mentioned it. The occasional letting it slide because someone is just doing a hobby is fine. Another neighbor having a biannual party that lasted until the night also wasn't a problem. It's not constant and they're having fun. I can deal with it. And none of them mentioned my motorcycle or racecar or occasional work in the garage.

Let the little things go. If it's not malicious then it's not a big deal. Talk it over like adults if you think that it's a problem. If it violates laws then go that route.

It's like people who move next to mountain lion territory and lose their shit when they see one in passing. How could you not expect that?

These aren't just other houses with questionable paint. These are people and families with their own lives. I don't bother them being them and they don't bother me being me.

It's a 1 on 1, between adults, thing.

I currently know the neighbors to my left and right. I don't have any clue who anyone else in the neighborhood is or what they do. What I do know is that there are many different house colors, plant life, vehicles, and styles. Cool. They all exist as individual units, separate from one another.

I have no ""tribe"" with others. I moved in and was nothing to everyone else and they were nothing to me. It's still mostly that way. It's still mostly unchanged from being the initial *nothing*. How can that be if it's a tribe by default?

Look at it this way - at home I have flour, chocolate, eggs, sugar, butter, etc. They're all sitting there in their unmodified forms. They might all be in the same kitchen but as they stand, as they entered the kitchen, they're a hodgepodge of different and individual food items.

They're not a cake. They'll never be a cake until a specifically take actions to join them in a very specific way. They don't exist by default as a cake. They're a bunch of nothing to one another. They're not a cake until you make them one because a cake is the modified and altered form over default."
"Why don't y'all go on an inexpensive date/do something nice to help destress her? Sorry to hear about that, just another chapter in the book of life. "
"Fuuuuuck. The passing down of the Cactus monicker brought me back so many memories of playing No Mercy with my friends and making our own storylines. At one point my CAW got taken out in a triple threat match. When everyone left, I made an alternate ""Cactus"" version of him that had a different move set and an outfit similar to Jack's... Along with facepaint for some reason, lol.

Ended up debuting him the next time my friends came over, said Foley trained him. 

If they did something similar, I'd be pretty hype. Though it'd have to be the right guy, Foley would have to approve and be a part of it, and they'd have to portray it in a similar manner, like it's a different person."
Don't try joking on this sub... no point
Every album you listen to has the radio version of all the songs. Have you ever heard a radio edited DMX verse? That is the definition of mildly inconvenient.
"Of course he made CISA the law, it allowed him to actually pass a budget before he left office, and pandered to some of the party's biggest doners. It only fucks the American people, so why would that take priority? Optics baby."
Why?
"Just curious, what don't people like about the second half of Fury? "
[deleted]
"His #1 should be better than average (~350%), but will not be ideal because it's pure ATK scaling.

I lost my notes on what his #2 was before, but with a 2 turn CD and a 20% boost...there's a chance it might not suck."
"If you want to be competitive in your setting, set everything to low except mesh quality, which should be set to ultra. Otherwise, don't worry too much about it. Just try to keep your fps somewhere above 60. 

When selecting FOV, you'll notice two numbers. The larger one is the one you're probably used to using, so go by that. I think around 90 is a nice balance of having good peripheral vision with minimal distortion around the edges. It depends on your monitor setup as well. If you use a large one and sit close to it, choose a large FOV. If you use a small monitor or sit across the room from it, choose a small FOV. Basically, try to roughly match it to how much of your real FOV your monitor takes up. 

Hit detection is very good now. Latency will always be an issue, so worst case you want yourself and everyone else below 75, ideally try to keep yours below 20. When searching for servers, make sure you keep scrolling down to load more servers, then sort by ping. Make sure you don't have any packetloss (a symbol will appear on the top right of the screen). 

It's also possible you're just not aware of all the gun mechanics. Here's some things to note: 

* All weapons (except bolt action sniper rifles) have a base spread, meaning there's some random deviation in where bullets will go. This will be centred on where you aim, but means over long ranges it won't always go exactly where you aim (especially when you take a CQB weapon and try to use it for long range shooting). 
* Your base spread gets a lot worse when you're moving (this applies to BA rifles as well). Stand still if you want accuracy. 
* Every successive shot fired adds more spread to this base spread. Remember that spread is random so cannot be compensated for. This means you should fire in short bursts (shorter bursts the further away your target is) to allow it to drop back down. 
* Vertical recoil is constant, so is easy to compensate for. 
* The one exception is the first shot, which has a multiplier meaning it will kick more. However, if you switch a weapon to burst fire mode, this multiplier is applied to the last shot of the burst instead, allowing for tighter grouping in the burst. 
* Horizontal recoil is random (within limits, which are different for each weapon). This means you cannot compensate for this after each shot (it's too fast) but you can control it drifting over a longer period. 
* Bullets take time to reach their targets, meaning you need to aim ahead of moving targets to hit them, especially at longer ranges. Each weapon has a different muzzle velocity, so you'll have to adjust for each weapon. 
* Bullets drop over distance, meaning you should aim above long range targets. Since the velocity of the bullet affects the drop over distance, this is also different for each weapon. 

Turning on Uniform Soldier Aiming is a good idea, as it will help in the long term with muscle memory. 

One last thing I want to point out is about the AN94. It's a unique weapon (look up the real weapon if you're interested in that sort of thing) in that the rate of fire is greatly increased in burst fire mode. It is capable of firing two rounds so fast that the second is fired before recoil of the first is felt, meaning they land nearly on top of each other. In real life this is used to damage then punch through ceramic body armour by hitting it in the same place twice. In game, it's great for getting quick kills with headshots. I recommend using it in burst fire mode, as it's nothing special in full auto. "
"/u/steezefabreeze

/u/varianlogic"
Yes it has exploration with percentages.  I have a strong impression it's the same exact game with the only difference being the visuals.
"That's one series I don't want halo to be more like. "
I'm new to this Reddit stuff not quite sure what you're asking for aside from turning into a gif
Its nice. Especially when you consider the alternative is the Tube during rush hour. Not a chance in hell.
Thanks
Am i the only one who /Cringed at the sight of that USB cable being so bent and putting pressure on the mini USB port?
Bloody IBF. I'm convinced they have a daft monkey at the controls
"That's because crowds absolutely reduce human interaction to a minimum, there's a few articles out there coming from stand up comics who can't hold a conversation with anyone in real life but infront of a crows they're just fine.

Same with gamers who stream on twitch to thousands of people, it diminishes actual human contact."
"There are probably less than 20 legitimate female fighters above 145 lbs, and when I say legitimate it doesn't mean good. "
"create's crowd sucks ass haha countdown was LIT.

but i go to create a lot, great line ups usually"
"Who cares if they care about people I care much more about viable long term solutions to our problems "
"A good tip, I'm hoping it would never come to that:)"
He really should stop spreading the glue around. I wonder if his technique is partially responsible for the clouding (by generating trapped air). A dot in the center will spread out and remove all air by pushing it out from the sides. His method of spreading it around all willynilly creates pockets of air. Same concept applies for thermal paste application for computer heatsinks. [Watch the differences between the 'business card' and 'pea' approach.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hNgFNH7zhQ)
He should have gotten a 390 instead...
"Well you didn't use a fair comparison so your point is never actually made.

OP is angry that someone is generalizing a ""European Accent"", which doesn't exist. You can't possibly generalize 12% of the worlds population, speaking 60 languages, with regional isolation and separation occurring for *thousands* of years.

OP didn't get ""butt hurt for no reason"", he got upset because you took his true, albeit over the top comment and compared the entirety of Europe , with 50 countries, 60 languages and cultures *thousands* of years old to a **single** country with 1 common language and cultures spanning a grand total of 300 years."
GF doesn't affect the caches.
"On my third 50+ playthrough, I spammed thru dialogue with Father and thought it was hilarious when my character impatiently mumbled ""shut up, old man."""
"I once got invaded in the area after Micolash and I think the person felt bad for me because I kept getting frenzied so he went ahead and lowered the brain for me then silenced out. I think he knew I was having a bad time and wasn't ready for a duel "
Good job. Hillary is good at fund raising for Bernie
"I never got any of the criticism where people say that ""DC films are shamed to be comic book movies.""  To me Man of Steel really felt like the first comic book come to life rather then a Hollywood interpretation of comic books."
"Top-level comments must contain a valid server name suggestion in italics (surrounded by asterisks, e.g. \*snoo\*). Valid server names consist of 25 or fewer letters, numbers, and dashes (no spaces, underscores, or other punctuation except dash).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/nameaserver) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"these don't seem very balanced.

On the one hand, I have a 5CMC [[Confiscate]] with an ability that slows down the game (nice for control decks) if it's going to be destroyed anyway.

On the other hand, I have a 5CMC [[Annex]] in two colors that I can sac to... lose the land it's enchanting... and get a basic land. Tapped. While the other guy gets his land back and another land too."
"Misread the title as ""About to get evicted thanks to YNAB4, I'm not worrying"" 

0_0"
"He stood there, in the soft dawn, wind whipping the fringe that hung over his eye. Straight backed, despite the chilling breeze, he stood there waiting for the verdict. He kept his head high, his cheek bones, oh so perfect, reflecting the light. 

Three days the trial had lasted. Each day he walked out to that spot, and merely stood there, watching, listening. The most beautiful man in the world, but he had nothing to say.

The jurors gathered, concluded, passed their judgement, and the sentence passed. Execution. To hang by the neck until dead. 

The judge rose to his feet. 'Misdeeds' he whispered, his squashed nose and weak chin a stark contrast to the man before him. 'Too great a price to pay for this man's beauty.'



My first ever Writing Prompts response, thought I'd go with a slightly different take on it
"
"The Flying Spaghetti Monster will fill you with faith and spaghetti "
"That actually wasn't that bad. "
Enjoy yourself! What's the occasion?
"anyone knows the song that was playing when black is giving the speach?
"
"Hello /u/rexbarbarorum,

As a founding member of the Federalist Party, I would like to ask you a question about an issue particularly important to us.

Generally speaking, is it more important to protect individual rights than the common good of the people when the two come into conflict?

"
"If only others knew lol. Mass hysteria when something happens that no one understands. "
Dooze.
"Sauce: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQhFBD3bYCE&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=70

Chelsie Aryn"
"Been using this technique for a while now. I wonder if I'll notice people using it against me now that a post had been made. "
Kan du lämna mitt bröd ifred?
[deleted]
Mine is 500MB...
[deleted]
P plates?
Who gets the family bible.
"Life is like a round about, you spin around for years watch people fall of then you follow them. "
Türkiyedeyim şu an.
"Thanks dude. But is Magic Duels truly F2P? Can I win and succeed with no money investigations? If no, how much money is enough?"
"Double glazing windows are usually sealed units, that means you can't remove the plastic trim by yourself. Most double glazing only has air between the panes but the more expensive and insulative ones have argon inside."
"Did you exchange numbers?  Just send him a text saying you had fun and wanna meet up again. Doesn't matter what's ""appropriate"" by society.  Do what you want to do. You want to see him,let the guy know, guess what, we like that. "
"Some people pay for that kind of thing, you should count yourself lucky!"
[deleted]
"Man, I could not figure it out for the life of mean. I tried Lexus, Avalon, E-class, Acura, I knew it wasn't BMW or Audi, I just could not figure it out. I did a little searching for Brandon B cambergang and found a flickr album. Turns out I missed an entire brand

[~1998 Infinit Q45](http://i.images.boldride.com/infiniti/1998/infiniti-q45-1307590202-2394.jpg)"
Added!
"*Raises glass* 

Cheers!"
[removed]
tbh i still don't think we've seen his final form imo
"Cool story, bro."
Tax returns are coming up and it will be very hard for me to not go crazy like that. I'm already weighing the pros and cons of letting my brakes go unrepaired as I look at MP's &amp; third party bots.
"13 year old me had such a crush on Kerrigan. That voice. That body. Those spike wings. 

Someone's going to link to the broodwars video soon, I can feel it. So good."
http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198218566776/
"Oh, fair enough. Take care."
"False advertising (Bursting Sack sounds like it should spawn blue spiders on hit), only useful in the Cellar, might be useful in the Chest

5/10"
"There's one clip with the name ""Rejitha"" with a really hot girl and a guy with uncanny resemblance to me .... anyone knows the backstory?"
" [Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope](http://imgur.com/gallery/Gw6zf)"
"I go to a public indoor range about once every two years to check out and rent a gun if i'm interested in that....

otherwise? i'll shoot outside and at an expensive outdoor range or out in the boonies.

MOST of the people i've encountered are either idiots, rude or both."
LET'S DO THIS NOVAK!
"SUSHI NAZI CLOSED?!! You ruined my night and I don't even ever have plans to go back to Nashville again.

Yeah, it's the owner's nickname. Read reviews for the place, they're absolutely hilarious. Guy was funny and speaks very poor English but was watching politics on the CRT in the 'restaurant' and tried discussing them with me. 

But man, the sushi was so cheap and the tako su and 'squid salad' or whatever they call it was so delicious. 

Granted, pretty much every review was ""this guy throws you out if he doesn't like the way you look"" so I guess it was only a matter of time.

He did, indeed, have a sign on his door that said ""REGULAR CUSTOMERS ONLY"". But I ignored it, because I needed to experience the Sushi Nazi.

EDIT: [Sushi Nazi closed in 2014 :( ... after 15 years.](http://www.tennessean.com/story/life/food/2014/04/30/sams-sushi-bar-nashville-closed/8527313/) 

He did, apparently, open a new place in Nashville according to other articles that looks *much* nicer than his old one.

But it was literally on the corner of Nashville's... 'Red Light'? district. Next to a bunch of topless karaoke bars. Man, I loved that weird little place."
It is a difference in the particulates. In the same way hypoallergenic mortein wont give someone an asthma attack but regular will. Neither is going to be great for you to breath but only one will cause a reaction.
"We don't have borders now. If the UK decides to end that situation, it's their responsibility. Don't you dare complain there? You apparently already have decided that Ireland should take whatever the UK decides up the arse and go complain elsewhere for compensation.

Of course it'll come up in the negotiations, but it's not going to this one-sided. "
Have.. you.. be..be..en.. to..... The. In.....stit..ute.....yyy.. yet?
I can't stop stalking you guys.
[deleted]
Makes sense.
"OH HELL YEAH. Guys, let's get a twitter writing campaign to Zouks...oh right, still not on twitter."
*His laughs and giggling fits slowly turn into moans.*
"""Wait, that was today?"""
????????
"Butter is the key to success "
Grandma Plays The Numbers tho
"When the stains turn brown, just tell people they're burn marks."
Ahh your comment just explained to me the reason for this subreddit. Lol
I'm related to him!
"Honestly, both.

Last month I flew to France for a weekend (live in London). The flight from London Stansted to Basel-Mulhouse was £10 (Ryanair, no bags), while the train ticket to Stansted was £12 with my gold card discount (which I get for being an annual rail ticket holder), which is incredibly cheap for a rail ticket."
"I would hire you, just to fire you 10 minutes later."
"Yeah this is still Christmas Island, these would be the baby red crabs making their way back to the rainforest."
"Damn. You got, extra marks for planning and showing your workings. }:("
"It's not just the price. Plenty of people don't give a fuck, it's just pokies and beer money anyway. For those people the thought of rotting to pieces before their kids graduate high school is what helps them quit."
PM please?
"That was my first though too, but I opened the game up and realized that it uses Saint George's Cross for the English flag."
Fewer!
"Bro, if you're making him or her eggs, you should have already gotten laid."
That was the joke ;)
You don't know what love is til you see that white stripe.
"Wow, how long did that take? And how many did you find on your own/ buy?"
"Oh god, she even wrote ""top 81%""...

edit: yes I know she probably didn't write it herself. not with that IQ anyway"
"Things like capitalism, you mean."
"Fuck the Broncos, and Fuck the Bucs. Go out there and crush Manning."
*Forcefully shoves Dijkstra aside.*
Bulls fans are just blindly loyal to Noah. They wouldn't even trade him for Curry
"Producing 340W power from such a small surface? Probably not going to be anytime soon. 

Also, they mention some hygroscopic filter fabric that is probably worth its weight in gold and/or is not invented yet... "
...and the corresponding website. On the internet. Did you read the article?
"I suppose you might be right about the plot being a bit more cohesive (than GR, Infinite Jest was much easier to follow and I haven't read The Recognitions). I guess a lot of it just left me scratching my head *why*? *Why* are you telling me this story?"
"Not at all, other than ""the menu will be fish and shellfish oriented"" (although in retrospect I don't think there was any fish).   There were a few hints on noma's/redzepi's/other chef's instagram accounts, but they would have been impossible to spot without prior knowledge.

I purposefully avoided all media/social media the day of the meal (there was a lunch sitting prior to the evening sitting), so it was pretty much a complete surprise."
"&gt;What level of power is required to be considered a God?

A ""god"" is not really a level of power in most universes. It's more like a category of beings that have a certain place in the (super)natural order. Jotuns would be a match for a lot of gods but just having comparable power doesn't make them gods themselves. 

What's considered a god depends on the universe. Generally they can usually hear prayers and you end up in some sort of afterlife if you believe in them. "
"OP requests evolution, so there's that. "
"I'm considering cyorig Aircooler too. but i dont know if it is R1 Ultimate or H5 you are referring to ""R5 ultimate"". Can you please clarify? Thank you again!"
Dafuq you doing in bed?
"Thanks for your detailed reply! 
I replanted it in the same pot, just some new Earth, not sure which kind. 
I water it maybe every 1-2 weeks along with some cactus nutrition, as instructed from the salesman. 

So maybe I should just leave it alone for a while? I thought it dried up because the roots didn't really take root in the new Earth. 
So I just wait and observe? "
you mucked up
"I was just thinking of that shitty song that starts, ""Every morning..."" and I hate it so much.   It's on such a crappy chord, it bites."
"1- no idea

2- don't pay anybody!! barcelona is full of people renting rooms/apartments. You should be able to find something without having to speak spanish nor catalan, it may be a bit harder, that's it.

http://www.loquo.com/pisos-en-alquiler/barcelona/

http://www.milanuncios.com/alquiler-de-pisos-en-barcelona-barcelona/

3- Yes, there are lots of trains, but, if you are planning to stay for a long time, I would buy a scooter, you will see how many people use bikes in bcn.

4- No idea

5- I would go for spanish classes rather than catalan, even if I have to pay. At the end of the day it's way more useful

 


"
150 pure
The president of our country and he even shook my hand.
"Mmmmm yes "
damn childish gambino became mature gambino
"Uh, mate, ever heard of PEGIDA? They ransacked an entire district in Leipzig because a lot of leftists live there. That's not level-headed."
Turns out Djokovic and Federer have both won the same number of matches... Who woulda thunk haha
"Oh I just wanted to throw it somewhere before I forgot it, I figured that's what this thread was for but it was the first one I saw. Good job tho! I like what I see. I'd like to see Brassican do something else also, maybe change your weapons/ armour into cabbages.

•  2h melee, one giant cabbage that you bring crush with

• Dual wield melee, cabbage boxing gloves

• 2h Range, huck a giant cabage

• Dual wield range throw small cabbages 

• Magic spell animations are cabbages."
I can't fit into a miata but i have no trouble being comfortable in my mr2
The breakdown with Adam warren the collector on xkingx is the most crushing thing I've heard
[deleted]
No problem at all good luck!
"COOL THANKS

HOW ABOUT M?"
"Thank you so much :]
That's so very sweet of you and I definitely agree with that! Just wasn't aware when we initially made the post where it had been. There's no negativity to the term, just a surprise haha
Everyone had different views of thick or thin, so is understandable. 
Thank you for being so sweet!"
"TheSickDuck
Bubble Titan "
Can confirm i am reused engine on my third trip.
"Any trade involving real-world money or the exchange of items/cash outside of the standard Steam trading window should be treated with extra caution.  We strongly advise you to consult our guide on [trading real world money](http://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade/wiki/moneytrades) and/or message the moderators of /r/GlobalOffensiveTrade with any questions or concerns at the link provided below.  Please trade safely!

Note: this comment is for informational purposes only. It is not accusing you of being a scammer.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Damn, really sucks to hear he's not gonna scream anymore. I was hoping his new project would have some heavy aspects to it."
"I think thats logan paul and jessica serfaty. 

They do a lot of shit on vine and instagram "
You clearly disprove that.
"I'm not going to do your job for you, off the top of my head, one was last episode when Steven lied to Peridot to trap her in the van."
"Actually dead, or there hasn't been pics of the dog posted to ig lately?"
Skyrim. The games go in chronological order.
"/u/zulrah1337, Your comment has been removed because your flair is not set up properly. Please set up your flair with your Friend Code and In-Game Name in the sidebar where it says ""edit flair"" with the format 1234-1234-1234 | IGN . [Here is a visual guide to edit your flair.](http://i.imgur.com/MJWNQNk.png?1)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/WonderTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
It's all relevant.
(i used [this photo](http://i.imgur.com/mLsK72i.jpg) as a reference)
"There's no one Melee player in particular that I like, but whenever I watch it, it always seems so entertaining/I can understand why people like it over other Smashes at a high level.

Yes!! How much fun you have with a character is very important, and so is being able to get a feel for characters outside of your comfort zone. Originally I wanted to play characters from the franchises I like (Metroid &amp; Pokemon), but I didn't like how any of them felt.
But after experimenting with some more of the cast, I've found myself really liking Ganondorf. I get a clear sense of when I'm executing my tech properly, I really like how satisfying each hit is, and he just feels fun.  Thanks!"
Just take rank 10 mods to rank 9 till you get a surplus of fusion cores. It costs the same amount getting the mod from 0-9 as it does going from 9-10 and getting it to rank 10 is only a 5% stat increase from rank 9. Doing it this way will allow you to take two mods of the same rarity to rank 9 with the same amount of cores it would take to get just one of them to 10
"Big Dick Vic! "
"I went to Johnson &amp; Wales for baking &amp; Pastry arts/Foodservice MGMT. They have vending machines that sell aprons, paring knives, side towels, thermometers, chef hats, and other things that were required for our kitchen labs. "
Getting too sloppy right now.
"I'll have to check when I wear it again, but in general my wires do tend to ride down on many of my bras...hmm."
"I know man, as much as I like to lie to myself, the situation is bad, but then again, so is the conditions with my other fellow arabs : / it sucks but you gotta persevere. Hopefully once I become a full grown adult done with my studies I can go back and help improve the country. Hope the father is safe and reunited soon &lt;3 cheers for the concern means a lot. "
"Hi there! Your post was removed because it uses the text box. Per [rule 1](/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-), use of the text box is prohibited. You can resubmit your post [here](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true&amp;title=What's the most money you have won on the lottery, both scratch-off tickets and number games?) without the textbox.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"yeah i posted somewhere in there its not possible to change the temps i guess im going to have to
what fans did you end up using
i got a 240mm radiator for my cpu and and both the air coming out from the cpu and gpu is extremely hot i got plenty of air going into the pc via a widnow 200mm and a front 200mm with air coming from side and front exiting the back top right"
Why am I suddenly getting Dexter's Lab flashbacks...lol
"Thanks and I tried making the window a mosaic, but a lot of the pieces kept falling out, i was using different color 1x1 square studs with the stud in each slot, but because a lot of the pieces kept falling out it would have looked crappy. Anyways, thanks for looking and liking medieval Darth Vader."
"No. Just no. The US MADE the terrorists that the SOVIETS were fighting in the 80's. The US literally trained and armed Osama Bin Laden and his army of ""rebels"" to fight against the Soviets. The US and it's allies spent a lot of time destabilizing most of the middle east to attempt to fight communism. So, I think it is YOU who should educate yourself on US involvement in the Middle East during the 70's and ESPECIALLY the 80's."
"[](/twiwink ""But a picture of a bucket holds no water."") Congratulations."
i wonder what happens when she doesn't feel shitty... :p
I... wow. I love this so much. There's so much emotion here.
FOR BAD
[removed]
"ZacCox merely uploaded the information about it, since his tweet about it was 4hrs ago (from now) while https://twitter.com/Yan2295 credits https://twitter.com/KarmaIngram1 12 hrs ago (from now)
I can make a good guess that KarmaIngram messaged Yan who made the first video about it which is the one I linked in the post."
[deleted]
What a ducking moron.
"It's not /r/WordAvalanches material, but /r/alliteration might like it."
Are you saying you didn't read the title?
You have selected POWER DRIVE!!!
"It sounds like you enjoy both Harry Potter and fanfiction. Do yourself a favor and read Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality if you haven't already. Hands down the best fanfiction I've ever read. "
"Im... not sure if you're serious or not.  Ive done that, i've let it run for hours with nothing happening, so.  Yeah."
"Katy, TX 

About 5 min from home 

And no, just a pack "
"Valve will never split the playerbase that way, you will still have cheaters in both pools while for example disallowing friends to play together.

I find it funny how people think more intrusive means mor banned cheaters, while it may hold true for ESEA the client there still uses signature detection and prediction to some extent but the high number comes mainly from their low number of players compared to MM.

You would see no change in MM."
virgin spotted
Can we cuddle?
Mickey Mouse!
F
"That would be so priceless if Benjamin Netanyahu became the new UN secretary-general. Please, God, all I want for Christmas.."
"I, for one, am happy you are naked. "
I'll pretty much buy anything if it's stickerless as you can see :D
Or when the plat/diamond player says gg ez after pub stomping a bunch of silvers
"Avs are playing better, as a whole, this year than when we won the division. Especially when you consider the start we had. "
[removed]
"/u/leadorg is how you link and notify users on reddit, for future reference."
"Sorry, I didn't word my comment very well, so I edited it."
Well his teammates were where they were supposed to be and setting up a play so that kind of helps.
"George O'Leary (New Hampshire) sort of blew up in his face. The closest he apparently got was working out to try out for the team. He was a transfer so I don't know if he played at a previous school—but UNH is what got him at Notre Dame. "
"God damn, that body is insane."
"It's also possible that the coordinates Obi Wan were given was a trap or a distraction or both. Like why not leak the coordinates but instead of giving the real planet give the location of a random pirate base, that way anyone who jumps in gets a nasty surprise and wastes their time no matter what."
"Stats def show the better player. "
You guys look great! I'm so glad you braved the stage door crush to get the photo.
"Oh no, anet could use a ton of work on communication.  But this was not one of the things they failed on. We shouldn't be yelling at a dev when they actually communicate with us."
"Though i do like a little rebellious streak, you're right, we should go with nature on this point"
Interesting. I stand corrected.
Your hair looks like two streams of jetted squid ink.
"Fuck all these 1% elitists

Give us new RC methods that are good. We aren't asking for runespan, we're asking for better HIGH LEVEL METHODS

Honestly its pathetic the best xp/hr is making lavas

"
"OOC: He did a great job picking you! This is perfect! "
"I got an interview as well! I wasn't expecting it, so this is awesome news! 
Who else will be interviewing in Atlanta?"
"So the district manager came to the theater tonight to deal with my manager.  I think she still works there, but I did get an apology.  (I'm not sure it was all genuine...)  Hopefully I can avoid her from now on."
"Definitely not. Unless you're blind. "
Of all the BB casts ever they had to pick HIM. Dang ridiculous.
"That's lame. 

I feel so bad for incoming freshmen I see on campus with big boxes of textbooks from the bookstore. Hundreds of dollars down the drain. 

For fun, this semester I added up how much it would cost to buy a used copy of all of my books from the bookstore, and again from Amazon. Bookstore was over $700 and Amazon was ~$240. I'm taking an online interrogation class and needed a headset. The bookstore sold a recommended one for $60. I bought the exact same one at Walmart for $15, and it wasn't on clearance or anything. Bookstores are a rip off. "
"he can like a tank you hated. he is entitled to an opinion. no need to be an ass. "
"Nothing wrong with the bolt shot in this game.  You're not going to outduel a BR, but if you can get the jump on somebody, the seeking projectiles will take down a fleeing enemy with three trigger pulls at midrange. "
"It was a *bad* hit to the head, intentional or not. Foligno was out of it, even when he was skating off."
"Oh wow, I totally misread this the other day.

I'm interested if you don't have enough volunteers!

I'm a front end Web developer, with some back end experience. I'm currently developing on Shopify and another ecommerce platform. Prior to this I spent three years creating custom solutions for clients based on the WordPress platform. I've also touched on Magento, vBulletin and Code Igniter in my development career. For a while I was also developing web apps that were encapsulated in a native wrapper for smart phones (Cordova).

Essentially, I've seen the progression and evolution of several design Trends and browser deprecations. I find it a fun ride to learn new trends while improving my own abilities. I've had the frequent occasion where a design is just missing functionality. Sometimes an artistic concept just doesn't *work*.

I spent 3 years learning graphic design in College, only to find out I hate designing. Some of my education covered development, I loved it and excelled in it. Once I graduated I continued my web-ducation on my own time. 

After spending 2 years doing what was basically graphical data-entry and color resampling, I landed my first web development gig. That agency taught my many tools, the most important being debugging. If you can learn how to problem solve, you can work your way backwards from any issue.

---

Gimme a shout if there's anything else I can provide!"
Yes but they also are dependent on supply/demand. There are a thousand girls who try out for the position who will do it for less than minimum wage so the market sets the wage. There are several hundred qualified girls for 20 spots. Much more supply thus very low wage
"mod ping detected calling mods /u/Scrooge1842 /u/darklogic420 /u/TheLazyLinx

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/empirepowers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"What a disrespectful piece of shit. "
"Average, 5."
I heard about these cats on Harmontown and I am not disappointed. Good stuff!
Go for it!! I like to use mine to remove stubborn black heads and emerging whiteheads!! Hopefully you are able to put them to good use too!!
not for a gold digger like her
"You aren't Kurdish? Huh, didn't know that. That makes you even more impressive. Where you from if I may ask? "
"Makes sense, my next board is going to be a step up. I wouldnt use a gun enough to justify it, hopefully the extra couple inches of foam will help with the paddle out"
"even more so, because even convicted rapists often genuinely believe that their victims consented (it's worth reading interviews with them) for whatever stupid reason (women say no when they mean yes, she was wearing a short skirts, whatever.) 

So surely it makes more sense to say ""could a reasonable person infer from your actions that you were not consenting?"" "
"Neutral b is avada kedavra, and is a ohko."
"Sigh....


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XA-4B2d4L18"
"This is what I like to see, you're not an idiot but you asked a legit question, got an answer and responded accordingly. If I wasn't broke I would give you gold. 
 I only say this because this sub us usually a pissing contest where people just argue back and forth."
But those grand slams tho
"restockscontest "
Very sexy
He ded.
"P51-D

I just can't use it"
also zed/shen story is very very similiar to akuma/gouken story.
"Don't get so butt hurt man it's just a difference in opinion. I know about diactyl, but even in the juices it's in, it's only an extremely small fraction of the amount of diactyl in cigarettes. You're antidepressants obviously must not work too well if you're getting this upset over the internet though calm down lol"
"any idea how i could get my hands on a decent transceiver for less than icom prices? I don't think it's so much that these radios are complicated as that there isn't (thankfully for the airwaves) a lot of demand for them. I'm not afraid to pick up an iron or anything, I just don't know what's good in kits."
I'm happy to see him doing well. He deserves it.
"For me it would be $200,000. I could make that work."
"I've been trying to consistantly shoot the mr6 quickly. and its hard man, cant aim for shit xD"
"I like cheese.
"
"Read http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/windfall and follow that advice.

You're already not following the advice in several respects:

- *Bought a 5 bedroom mother-daughter house.*

- *Solar panels all over the new home*

- *Additional $200,000 for GF.*

- *Bought an engagement ring.*

- *Bought an all-expenses-paid...*

- And I'm not sure how many people you've told.

My main advice would be to tell nobody until you're married or at least engaged and then only tell her.  I'd also stop spending money so quickly."
"its not really meant to be for playing games though, the external gpu thing is only for if you need an ultrabook for work or whatever, but also want to play games sometimes and dont want to buy a whole other pc"
"It wasn't too long ago that US cars would require a full engine rebuild after that many miles. Or a trip to the crusher. It was a big deal when the first cars started hitting 100k miles without major repairs. "
"I still see that asshole everyday at High School. Thank god I'm not a sociopath otherwise... Oh boy. 

Some of you guys are cool... Don't goto staircase tomorrow.

There's also a scrawny Nazi kid at my school who calls people ""White Niggers"" and said to kill immigrants by ""putting a few tigers in the city"" he looks like the type of kid you'd see doing the school shooting sort of thing and I'm legit scared for my life to even be near him. Should I tell my school he's sketchy?"
"Thank you x1000000!! "
"... Why not both? "
"My friend bought a hanes tagless tee for 24 bucks and was prepared to get 100 dollars for it. He was legit spazzing though when somebody wanted 12 dollars for a shirt. He was so god damn proud I was dying. Half my school doesn't know shit about reselling and how it works. The best fail I think I have ever seen was like some dude bought like 5 proxies for the devil tee and 5 for the air horn which all pulled thru, and he's legit trying to trade me all of that shit for my box logo i was like get the fuck out"
"As a nurse I can guarantee we are! But many don't care or simply ignore those rules (scary I know). 

And not all nurses are technology illiterate... Just most. It's actually terrifying having to show someone how to copy and paste that is responsible for the lives of others..."
"Why would you say ""taking care of her father"", that makes him sound like an invalid and you like a martyr? Unless you were stuck for a ride, you could have walked up to Sara, said goodbye, and left at any time. It's not much of a date if she spends it with her ex."
it's called a panoramic shot.  next your going to tell me [football fields are round](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/37/Toyota_Park_panorama%2C_8_June_2013.jpg).
"Godamn. Cannot upvote enough. "
"Your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags. Please see **[here](http://www.reddit.com/r/TrueDetective/wiki/tags)** for more info/assistance on how to tag your post.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TrueDetective) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Your remote wire is 12v. I've had a few amps do that. None protected but they would stay on with just a remote wire. "
"Hey, did you get your chromebook yet? Mine arrived today, and I popped out the SIM card holder to see there is no card. Charger and laptop were in the box, no other packaging (expected), but no SIM card anywhere to be found.

Does yours have the card?"
"I don't feel that I personally am being attacked ,I simply feel that my comment is .

 As for secret conspiracies ,why not mention the tooth fairy is your dismissiveness of my observation that clearly shows a pattern. 
What argument do you offer other than cynicism .

As for your apparent anger in the last sentence ,must I assume that you was not properly comforted as a child ?
"
Yeah this is why I was confused
Is it?
"General Veers is not a realistic choice as we only see him in a Walker in one scene and his current canon story is not that interesting. These abilities don't even make sense on modes that feature heroes but not vehicles.

"
"I have read a few books about pentesting, I knew this was coming"
Do it
Y'all's whole family is weird...no visitors for the first month?  The first few weeks?  That closed-off shit would not fly with my family...we're all at the hospital waiting.
"Lol, you seem upset"
Ottawa over here as well! Thank you for taking the time to put all this together. It was a fascinating (and very sad) read.
"Walk - Pantera
Sleepwalker - Parkway Drive
Bow Down - Born of Osiris

"
"You won't kil me at all because i am only in open to fuel rat. Lost hope that open will turn back to viable gameplay looong ago.
I meant that nobody that is in for the kill wil take the time to RP it anymore, either. They just kill without a word if they can get away with it and CL once the tide turns. Iin the time that was still in open i never met a group who declared a ""blockade"" doing ANYTHING but Griefing/ganking without a single word. "
"As capital accumulates, the return on capital also falls, which leads to economic stagnation, further exacerbating the inequality issue and forcing a Marxian-style economic (with the potential for physical violence) battle-royale between owners of capital who have to fight each other to obtain larger shares of the global capital stock."
"I'll change the NSFW tag. 

Thanks. "
[deleted]
"I personally don't have any experience with it (damn Imprecation quest) but I have seen people using it and it definitely looks viable. Low RoF hand cannons in general are viable but are less forgiving than other archetypes.

It seems like it plays more like a scout rifle than a hand cannon though."
"That's just how it is in China. I was there last year and I was always getting nearly ran over by people on scooters. This was on the sidewalks, mind you. "
[removed]
Remember in the show Steve's Civil attorney mentioned that if you read the court of appeals decision or supreme court decision in his first case from '85 that you would think he was the guiltiest person on the planet? Then ultimately he was exonerated!
The kiss carts on w9tech are way cheaper and are way better than the source carts
"Gustafae

309 warlock"
[removed]
"No worries, mistakes should be celebrated anyway! ;)

Yup, curious to see their take on it. Kit's stretch therapy crew (Craig, Liv, Emmet) have all released some stuff on it, just not too much for free.."
"yeah, I was looking there. I didn't noticed the extra 10% off, though... that may be even more worth it. 

not sure whether to say thank you or not, since the purpose of the post was asking for help about **not** buying it, lol. (j/k, thanks for the extra discount tip. )"
[removed]
"I mean Stan had the land already bought, people were kidding themselves if they think he wasn't going. "
They are trying https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jefferson_(proposed_Pacific_state)
"So you and me are alike...we have to manually track that status because GP determinations are made quite some time after release. I usually just go for remuxes if its a movie I love since I have the space. For the rest, it's a waiting game and requires manual work. I posted that GP breakdown in my comment above. So if I do get lazy I just pick one of those groups out of a hat and stick with it (otherwise I would constantly be trumping release after release), and I can't wait until GP status before watching it. For archival purposes though, I do do that."
Salt content:  high
Yea it was
"Not sure how much I can help, but what's your price range? And are you thinking more towards sneakers/shoes or boots? That'll at least help someone else give a recommendation if they see this. Love the 5th fit by the way haha"
"play in the staples center on a 50 yard field. when a guy carries the ball over the 50, everyone turns around. "
It looks awesome. I'm definitely gonna waste my time on your site. Great job!
[deleted]
"Thanks man. It's good to hear you've been clean so long. I really wish I could stay the same. But I'm really considering getting off. I have the same type of thinking when I'm nodding. "
rerack your weights
"I just got my gear yesterday "
"Worst might be mirrodin. The attempt to make everything look artificial didn't turn out too well, I think. So many cards look hastily done, have terrible angles, or are just abstract pieces of machinery. There are some exceptions, like mindslaver, but most of it is throwaway."
"If the Oh-My-God Particle was created in the Big Bang, from its perspective, how old is the universe?"
On the left is a man who wants to change america. On the right is a man who knows who killed JFK and knows what goes on at area 51 and can't tell anybody.
Newb here. Seems like this bike is always mentioned in similar threads like this. What makes it special? If you don't mind me asking
"it's always hell to play support, on of the last arenas i played i kept getting shit from a vulcan because i didn't use my khepri ult on him, even though it was on cooldown from saving someone 10 seconds before. This of course happened throughout the game, and every death he had he blamed on me, he was actually expecting me to keep my ult solely for him. in the end he was spamming loby for people to report me. i doubt anyone did because they didn't understood why he complained. but the point is this happens alot more (personal experience) when i play support, making the roll even less desirable than it already is"
[removed]
http://i.imgur.com/4d41GGW.jpg
"Well, easy enough to fix.

Step 1: Find whoever cancelled it.

Step 2: **KILL**! O_O"
"Wingate Institute, Netanya Israel.  It's Israel's national sport training facility; where their olympic teams train &amp; some military training.  It's kind of like a 'live-on' campus for elite sports.     

This is their KM site http://www.wingatekravmaga.com/  It's not the best nor most up-to-date but you can piece stuff together.  There's an upcoming course this year May 22th - 28th 2016.  I don't have many details though.  Best best would be to contact Ernie.  It's by no means a complete list but I've trained, dined and joked with about 80% of the people on this list http://www.wingatekravmaga.com/members/

The Practical Instructor certification requires at least a brown belt rank, i think.   You have to go through a basic pre-course test to see if they allow you in.  Then it's a lot of of how to teach, classroom discussions, practical training exercises, etc.  The course itself wasn't about fine tuning techniques since it's an instructor course, but everyone shared what they teach &amp; why which led for some interesting discussions. 

Advanced instructor certification expands on the practical cert. course.

However, they usually have a 'student' session track that runs concurrently with the instructor courses so you can train all day, for multiple days.  No level requirement usually with this track.   Knife, gun, stick, multiple attackers, etc.  Each session block was a few hours from a guest instructor; multiple blocks each day.  It's nice because you get exposure to different techniques, different teaching styles, etc.

Message me with any other questions.  I purposely leave out a lot of details for privacy.  "
So I'm at the beach today.... And wearing my raws.... I'm thinking salt water soak. Lol
Suchus wowus. Very saurus. Muchus factus. Wow.
"and afaict there a still places where the population is almost solely one group and the most used language is their native language not english. You could say they are not integrated at all but since they usually come from a ""western"" culture they don't stick out as much. 

Some things that might help is with much less of a social security net, just sitting in the ghetto getting angry while receiving money from the state is not as easy
And most people going to the US can probably speech at least some english






  "
haha...
POTUS is a hell of a drug.
"My buckling springs are clackier

Edit: a letter"
"NyQuil? "
(ಠ_ಠ)
"I actually loved And Then There Were None! Granted, I was in third grade when I read it, so back then I thought the twist was ingenious. I'm actually wondering if the ""dry and lifeless"" writing helped me as a younger reader because it somehow made it more accessible...? I wonder if my feelings would be different reading it today..."
I'm Colorado Avalanche till the day I die and I'm still living in the late 90's/early 00's so fuck the Red Wings and fuck the Stars.
217
If you guys arent happy the Grizz will gladly swap first rounders with you and give you Jarrell Martin.
tbf this part of the college bball season is stupid. Especially during the holidays. Stuff kind of picks up soon as the teams start to learn who they are and get better.
[deleted]
"[Our annual postseason ritual?](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-QIx8PfYg6_U/VfAZjP1x8nI/AAAAAAAATyQ/LLQWBVjCAWc/s1600/drinking-vodka.gif) "
"That was really fun, but I couldn't finish. After a few attempts (and taking the ""doors of failure for losing my bike), I ended up on the conveyor belts with the pow blocks and getting trapped with no chance of suicide. Great work, but it is possible to get stuck. Starred!"
"Sadly, I neither Facebox nor Tweetr. Might hit their customer support and see what's up. Thanks for replying!"
Channeling his inner Stewie Griffin
"Some of us, realizing that we don't know what it's like to be an animal, assume they suffer like us and choose not to inflict unnecessary suffering.

Other people, realizing that we don't know what it's like to be an animal, assume they can't feel anything and use that as an excuse for immense cruelty."
Could I add you? Need all of those fire ones lol
Not really a waste right now. It's worth ending the scouting instantly for 25 energy. Letting him keep it alive is annoying.
shut up kid
"When the girl has a set of ""rules,"" but won't share the rulebook, and gets angry/resentful when you don't follow said rulebook. /crazy

When a girl regularly expects a guy to help/manage their emotional state or spiritual maturity. /crazy"
"""You know what, I'm done for the day, guys. We'll pick this up tomorrow.""

""Uh, Pete, that's uh... that's not how this works."""
"No, it means it's easier to kill with a proper SMG and 110 hp than it is to kill with the reviver, the emp-9, and 80 hp.  Not many really good players would argue that...."
"SK is fantastic and is definitely worth leveling.

DD does nearly everything he needs to at a fairly low level and only 3/10. I'd take him there at least."
"Man, Wreddit, I don't get you sometimes.

Kallisto pulls off an upset on Raw. There's a title change! It's unpredictable! It's awesome!

ADR wins the belt back on Smackdown. There's a title change! It's unpredictable (most wouldn't expect a 1/3 day reign.) It sucks, this is 50/50 booking. 

...alternatively, this is just WWE being a little whacky, proving that anything can happen, but that ADR is a better wrestler than Kallisto. It does open the door to a feud and a PPV match that should be pretty good. Kallisto is elevated by this as a now former US Champion who can clearly _go_. Maybe he gets the belt back soon? WHo knows? It's a new angle that hasn't been done too recently. It's good booking!"
"Spotify all the way, usually what's on today suggestions."
"Actually, you just outed yourself as poor since you assumed the definition of ""nice"" "
"The big dude is Bradley martyn. He's a youtuber so it makes sense. "
Borderlands 2. That game has been my drug since the release..hell the whole series is badass. I could live off that game if it supplied me with food and water.
"I presume it has to do with open flame, not emissions. "
"Woo hoo! ;) seriously, drives me nuts because it is just marketing speak and conveys to women that muscles are bad. Least favorite fitness word ever!"
"Karambit Fade
Description: Very Nice and Almost flawless corner (1 pixel) , and beautiful colors.
Screens: http://imgur.com/63NlpnT
Float Value: 0.007
Fade percent: 90/3/7
B/O: 280 Keys
Go Fast Trade Men : https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=168413547&amp;token=wJ5URqWn"
"If you're doing a full body strength routine, there's no real reason she can't do the same thing (with lower weights to start, obviously). Otherwise, any of the beginner lifting programs in the side bar will suit her needs."
"Ja idag stod det på Expressen att ""Hollywood-stjärnan är klar för OS"" = alltså Dragomir Mrsic som var med i några scener i Edge of Tomorrow och sa väl ett ord, ska vara kampsport-expert på Viasats sändningar under OS.  "
"In addition, Jori En has a sweet looking fullart promo that would be a better pickup"
oh and also ill terrorize this server and take all records
[deleted]
[removed]
"Possibly, but for some conflicts the league offices seem to be quite friendly with each other. MLS home matches might fall on nights the Cardinals are away. And for Times where there has to be conflict the teams night have as little overlap as possible. MLS games in the evening with a MLB day game.

The Dynamo and Astros don't seem to conflict with each other much. Maybe only a couple of games a year directly. Most disruptions tend to be Dynamo games moving to the alternate channel."
If it is neon it should of been a pay for variant.
"I was at Downtown Disney Sunday and they had plenty of packs of that set at both the Marvel store, and at Pin Traders. Def try there!"
"You dip the fish in the sauce, not the rice, if you dip the rice it falls apart, that's what i meant :)

Depends though, if the chef brushes the fish with his sauce then you just eat it as is"
Is it supposed to be a derogatory term?  Like attempting to insult someone who's trying to improve advancement within the human race?  lmao
"DIdn't know animals had to go under oath "
"Joshua gets a steam rolled imo atm. In 2 years maybe... but by then , if Wilder is really the Bronze Bomber, he'd have so much more elite experience. That W for Joshua would be crazy."
"ohh yeah, i see, that's actually super smart, im gonna have to try that tomorrow then, is there any good suggestion on hitting the inner chest area aswell?"
[deleted]
Is your your floor/stovetop slanted a bit? The egg yolks seem to have slid to the edge of the whites.
[As a penguin.](http://i.imgur.com/ebITaIJ.png)
"True. I can't believe how many blogs posts I've seen where the title has me go; ""Man, I really need to read this"" and halfway down the page I'm like; ""Really, that's it...? Never reading this again."""
"I like all *pretty* breasts. Like the aesthetically pleasing to look at ones, regardless of size. We all know what I'm talking about."
"[**Spendee**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleevio.spendee) - Free  with IAP - Rating: 83/100 - Search for 'Spendee' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Spendee)



------

[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)"
[deleted]
"I don't think united fans nowadays are proud to have Fellaini in the squad. "
" que este impresentable es ministro de  interior en la españa del siglo XXl y que la otra le pida ayuda a la virgen es normal  que en algunos paises de europa se tomen a  pitoreo a los españoles ."
"you will have no issues with wood movement, all boards are in similar orientation."
That's the joke.
[deleted]
Old.
I have two brining in my refrigerator right now.  The juiciest you'll never taste.
"This asshole here is straight up unfathomable. "
"Ah yes, north Carolina. I was 6 years old, but I still recall our neighbors flinching when my parents informed them we were catholic, and therefore not going to the local Baptist church. "
"No but supporting discriminatory laws does make someone a bigot. "
"Plus he is serving a life sentence. Can't really blame her for wanting to move on with her life. "
"I was at the previous Sale start at Wrigley, I think he struck out 10-11 that day. Saladman also got his first hit! RBI triple after Eaton led off with a double. Good times."
How about we get a return on the parts that you got from us haha. I miss having nill around
http://imgur.com/a/7k8y3
"Thing is that what you and me consider God, is for her system of particles interacting in ways that aren't fully understood but what she wishes to understand deeper someday. She also says that absolute knowledge and truth doesn't exist, there are always greater details to be discovered. She wants to study physics later. 

And for goodness sake its not that I want her to change. I respect her way she is. She is atheist and its her choice. I just don't want to lose our connection because of that. I feel like she thinks I don't accept her even if I do, and I lack words to speak with her.

This isnt matter of who is right."
"Its the off-season.  Let the kid live his life.  He doesn't need mom &amp; pop HiRez punishing him for swearing.

And doesn't HiRez have phone numbers for these guys?  A vague public tweet is the only way to handle what should be a private conversation?"
Kansas: always first to address those issues that *really* matter.
i was expecting see another emotional drama story
I hope to be there! Looks like the 9th should work for me!
"円安なのに、円建てで、低下かぁ……

しかも、このグラフって、「正規雇用」のみの話なんだね

正規雇用って直近3年間で70〜100万人減ったんじゃなかったっけ

非正規雇用も入れたら、さらに悲惨な数字が出そうだね

インフレではなく、スタグフレーションは間違いないなあ"
"I had shoulder surgery and the doctor said that if I could beat the anesthesia for 15 seconds then I would get a prize. Of course I passed out instantly but apparently right when I awoke I looked at the nurse and said ""give me my fucking prize I wonnnnnnnn"" and looked very disappointed when she handed me frackers and Sprite. "
"You should change his flair. "
He was announced playable during a nintendo direct. The game comes with a shadow mewtwo amiibo card that unlocks him.
I've only developed worse skin quality since I've started working out. More pimply on my chest than I was before I started working out. Although I do notice the more regular bm's.
"**#성인랜덤채팅어플 후기 추천 사이트 바로가기

PC와 모바일 이용가능합니다 ^ ^


[은밀한 만남을 시작하세요](http://m.site.naver.com/0fcZs) &lt;&lt;바로가기클릭 

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.



#성인랜덤채팅어플 후기 추천 사이트 바로가기  섹파 섹파만들기 엔조이채팅

[은밀한 만남을 시작하세요](http://m.site.naver.com/0fcZs)  &lt;&lt;바로가기클릭"
It was a good day...
"Who cares "
"I dont feel detached anymore. I used to just feel nothing because I knew nothing. I'm halfway through my first year of college up until about a month ago I didn't really have a direction in life. I eventually realized I had a passion and a good understanding of world events. Thing is  I read into all this stuff and think of how horrible it would be if i were happening here. but no one here cares, because they don't know, and those who just don't understand. I'm majoring in international politics and I hope to some day make a difference. For now though I just hope to gain insight about all these conflict zones and I feel that the best way to do that is first hand accounts but its so hard to find that. For now I contend myself with talking to people online. But in the coming months I hope to be starting a radio show based on the idea of talking about about world events with people who have lived in the area. we're going to see how how that goes."
"...I think you need some coffee, buddy."
"I know this is probably not a ridiculously huge mark up and they actually have a single problem. Most of the term Hobgoblin They might not have adjusted the TCR for each type of batteries in general I figured it was so frustrating.

 ~ MCReggieDabs

-----

[^^Info](https://github.com/trambelus/UserSim) ^^| [^^Subreddit](/r/User_Simulator)"
I really love this tattoo and would get one similar to it. [That's my purse! I don't know you.](http://40.media.tumblr.com/ff5894ce06c624d3e617bbce445bdbf9/tumblr_mt8g1rYESa1sbi90uo1_500.jpg)
Damn.  I'll keep an eye out. I only take it on workout days w proviron.  And I'm not on high T levels.  Only on TRt 200 mg wk
"I had fun at Kung Fu although it started to get pretty crowded late into the night "
"Cold In Minnesota the new /r/hhh anthem "
"The eating that led to OPs picture was actually pretty harsh emotional abuse. The scammer (the one in the picture) was extremely worried about the welfare of his mark. I've forgotten the details, but the guy in the picture pulled something in his junk trying to persuade someone not to harm his mark. That guy seemed to have developed a real emotional connection."
Titletown Green 19
"oh my god hahah well if you're a kpop fan then its a great idea


"
[removed]
"I've come from the 8 bit consoles.. I couldn't care less if it was 720 or 1080p. the alpha rocked my world and I KNOW the full game will  too. that's all that counts. it's not even a matter of money to have a high end pc, it's about the comfort and ease that a console brings me."
"I would have preferred they just not responded to me instead of just constantly telling me my account would be refunded next week, and then coming up with an endless string of excuses about why it would just be a few more days. 

In addition to the money they stole from me, wasted a shitload of my time with the back and forth."
"No? It's just a color. "
"Omfg yes! My 20s were awesome, but they flew by. The decade between 10 and 20 seemed to crawl, but 20 to 30 seemed to go by overnight."
"Time to post relevant content and make constructive arguments based on the on-field performance of these elite sporting nations in one of the greatest sporting arenas in the world.  

Or I could post shit like [this.](https://gfycat.com/ImpoliteSinfulBuzzard)"
If you convince someone that you're rich they're more likely to sleep with you.
I disagree that that was not detroit basketball ref
It is very good. I miss my Nexus 5 though. If there was a Stock G4 available I'd buy it in a heartbeat.
Passenier with that cheeky shove at the end lol
[deleted]
Crazy seeing a guy like Ben Wallace who I forgot about.... Guys like Duncan and Garnetts careers have really spanned 3 basketball generations.
"you look like you're going to cry before the roasts even come "
"Nope. When we're playing the pussyfooting refs, fuck us up the goat ass"
[Since when did the Unicorn Gundam start playing Phantasy Star?](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/gundam/images/5/57/Rx-0-ver-ka.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100915071830)
"Hey, the gym will throw together a meet and greet kind of event next month, so stay posted or ask Jason for details!"
It's been like 5 seconds. You already have this written up?
*Sister
Full Blownsies *
Because you're our division rival and we have to laugh? You're on the Internet.
Just got back from our event. Green and Black seemed to be in most of the top decks. Did your findings vary?
"I just made a push last night and today to get the Thaumcraft stuff to get the golems.  It turned out to be relatively easy to get far enough to get a straw harvest golem.  That plus hopperhock into barrels is as far as I've gotten right now, and I'm only doing it for coal, which I use a lot of for both mana generation and power.  I'm not sure I love Thaumcraft, but it seemed way easier than setting up robots that were going to require continual power to keep going.  I prefer to automate the stuff that I genuinely don't want to keep doing, and it doesn't help much if it still requires me to keep fussing with it regularly."
"I got my MBA at an American University. I went to a party with my friend, was with him the entire night. He received an anonymous rape accusation from that night, never got a chance to testify and prove his innocence. It was still put on his record as an accusation... which in the job market is pretty much a conviction if you haven't been found not guilty. His security clearance was revoked, and there was never a trial. "
"""1v1 me for all of humanity bitch"""
There is a game like that kind of coming out called The Universim.
Croque monsieur should have broiled bechamel on top (unless that's what you mean by weird)
How will you have 4 Kongos?
"Burrows 100%

Edit: Maybe Nick Ritchie, might knock the fugly out of him."
"Several, even? 
I'd like to know the name of at least one such tribe, please. "
I know. I was agreeing with you and adding my two cents.
"Yes, please. This seems to be very insightful."
"Carroll personally told Rawls that they couldn't afford a draft pick on him but if he was still there after the draft, they were snagging him for sure. The Hawks just needed different things than a RB in the draft. They love Rawls, and I would not be surprised to see Marshawn retire after this season and Rawls take over next year. "
The only thing you can do really is to wait. It all depends on what you used but there's still a chance and more than likely they will lighten a tad if not more.
I have done this. I drove about 45 mph behind a fire truck on a 30 mph street for about 6 blocks. It is exciting because it is illegal and a little dangerous.
"How'd you know?
"
"If Hai has to come back to save C9 again, according to this game, which role will he play? &gt;_&lt;"
"It's better not to do something if you can't, than come out with something shitty. I'm not saying this video is shitty, bcs it's mediocre Riot's cinematic montage with overuse of quotes and clickbait title imo."
"I've not had anyone call me a troll for trying to interrupt circlejerks here, but I have had downvotes piled on in one or two instances that I felt were unwarranted. But it's reddit and the subjects were ones where people generally are extremist about one way or another."
"People in the town I work in don't even dress up for their crime; they have literally walked into Wal-Mart, put a tv in a cart, and walked out the front door with it. Load up in getaway vehicle and gone before loss prevention even responds to the alarm. "
"Thanks for the link. It greatly helps! "
"Not all migrants, just a few compared to the rest. But those few are supported and encouraged by PC-/SJW-behaviour and each one of them is one to much.

It's sad, because of those few assholes the rest also looks bad. And all of this just because.. reasons"
"You... you really think this subreddit isn't full of racist white Americans, don't you? I don't even know why I have the USA flair, but it's not fair for you to criticize me for being American since you're sub is overwhelmingly American. Look at the surveys. "
The amount you sweat is not an indicator of how effective the running/intervals are
"4th and 13, not 3. "
"not bad... hmm "
Who has the most threats is literally the point of the game...
His real name is Ha'Sean but when he was little his grandma called him haha and it stuck
"If Curry is average, than the bar for average is pretty fucking high. "
"If you really want to suffer, a budget airline is doing tickets to Iceland. $100 one way. "
"If you want to collaborate, it's hard to skip learning something like git (a la github)."
"Thank you for your reply and that's amazing you do that. Take care and look after yourself, don't get hurt in the process."
Well... Me = Noob
Might I ask what brought you to our small country?
I already do that with my RAM.
"LBJ all day he does everything on offense and defense as long as you dont shoot with him
KD is slow and you cant blow by people with him most of the time"
[MagiKorp is evolving!](https://streamable.com/jebb)
Minnesota obvs.
I think he's talking about Sysco or Cheney Brothers.
"Wow, now that's dedication! I was there too... great show :)"
[deleted]
"Good news.  My leveling days are a little behind me, but I thought I saw some were removed.  Thx for the correction. "
"It'll be released soon,as well as a new mangle (cause the new one looks kinda eh)"
"Extremely yes. Go in around endgame but before you beat the wet nurse. "
Teams aren't going to be perfect every night. Exposed. Spurs actually have had the easiest schedule but sure.
SLAYER!!!
[removed]
"Funny you should say that... I was teased for my sigils and automatic writing in an order that was pretty adamantly mental-only practice. ""What're you going to do when you don't have a sharpie?""

Interestingly, the core group had developed a habit of waving their hands around when casting, and they became somewhat disgruntled when my complex casting consisted of a thousand yard stare.  
I'll repeat what everyone here has been saying: objects and theater help focus the mind, solidify intent, and dispell doubt. Think of it as describing something in metaphor vs a technical paper."
Because of the human female meta
"Fuck kyle "
Barbosa's fault for that Morris 3 lol. You can't arrive late on defense and just take your man back after someone picks him up...
urgh gg the bench killed this
"He was also removed from the directory, which is publicly accessible."
"Which one are you in the second?

Because both those guys look miles better than you in the first pic ;)"
"That was more likely an arena border pathing issue. I've never had issues with the ninja summons. "
"both of my Parents families were from Al-Lydd, my mom's side all jumped onto the bed of my Grandfather's Delivery Truck on a one way ticket to Amman, My Dad's Family got into a big fight half of them went to Amman the other half went to Gaza"
This guy must've been amazing at those Encyclopedia Brown books
"no, don't hatch it..just send me the eggs...I'll check n return it to u :)"
"HOW DO YOU NOT LOVE THE INTRO! Damn, I didn't realize people didn't love the music in Twin Peaks."
"Technically, sweatshirt. Sweaters are knit."
£50 notes.
"Hello, I'm a gifting addict.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Amazon/comments/3wtf6j/gifted_unjbilbo_in_honor_of_my_grandpa_merry/"
"Fucking seriously. I want the Pack to win this game but I'm so damn proud of this team. Janis already has more catches in the first half than he did all fucking season, the defense is consistently getting pressure, Aaron is making things happen, Mike is actually getting creative with the playcalling. Win or lose I love what I'm seeing. "
"If her husband is abusing his status as a lawyer you need to speak to your own attorney. It sounds like he sent a letter to your former employer threatening action which is why you are in this position. 

Good luck. "
Seriously underrated movie
"Pitiful bomb load? this thing could hold 13,200 kg of bombs for missions of 8600 km."
why muslim?
same!
"Mike Carey, former NFL ref, has been notorious this year for being wrong so often during his expert chime ins. It was CBS btw.

That being said, it looked legal but was still dirty IMO. That's sports tho."
"It's not flank steak. What you have is called ""bottom sirloin flap meat."" Similar but not flank. "
Are you telling me hobbits *aren't* real?
Outta nowhere!!!!
[deleted]
That wire looks about .22 caliber...more stopping power than the .45!
Yep.
"As a lifelong Whig I have a unique view of the republicans and democrats. Republicans are the same as they always have been the party of industry which was the northern states. The party of agriculture was the democrats. They owned slaves, they made money the north wanted, more in taxes than the south wanted to give them. War broke out and the north used slavery as an added moral justification for fighting the south. The southern democrats always follow the votes and changed position on civil rights though some kept old south views into the 60's. The war was to determine whether the country would be industrial or agricultural. Agriculture losing meant the end of slavery. Now democrats still think they can own blacks, at least their votes. I'm confused why more blacks aren't republicans, hardly any republicans owned blacks and freed them, while democrats have represented 100's of thousands of slave owners in Congress. My daddy was a Whig, his daddy was a Whig and I'll proudly die a Whig. Now my dog wants to caucus then poop. "
"I main jungle and I find the Op.gg Ingame info option to be my best friend. Knowing the average winrate and KDA of a player on specific champions usually gives you a good idea of how good of a player they are. Playing around the strongest player and or match-up has worked the best for me so far, It's the lowest risk investment with the highest return."
[deleted]
"Elon saw the meme that said "" I should buy a boat"" and ran with it.  "
Yep I could if I bought a longer belt which I will do. Thx for the idea x
"Man I have always thought about doing a billion things, photography, writer, etc etc. But I ended up deciding on studying law. Because I am the type of person who is really good at advocating for people. Well being an ENTP helps a lot. And I want to help people who are in the same situation I was once in

But the problem is that I cannot fucking figure out what the fuck to major in university.

Political science I found engaging but my classmates were fucking privileged dick bags who hated the subject and wanted to go to law school. Plus it was also really easy and not challenging enough and wouldnt prepare me for law.

Then I turned to English. Really cool really cool classmates made lots of friends. But the books fucking suck balls????

I am thinking philosophy but the  proff of the intro class sexually harassed me and I had to fuck off. Sigh. I will start studying the law on my own though. I just cant fucking find the right major :/"
"And that users name?

Albert Eisntein "
[Throwback Saturday.](https://youtu.be/a1Y73sPHKxw)
"Or you know, the story of how he came up with the name? Tech 9's a relatively cheap submachine gun. He saw it in a magazine IIRC."
"Lmfao "
If green bay wins I'll chop off my dick
"Not the OP, but I appreciated the advice anyway"
"How'd you met him? "
I played football with a guy in high school who's parents were from Rhodesia and his dad said he was shocked how spot on his accent was.
LET'S DO THIS!!!
[deleted]
"Then don't marry him. Don't marry someone who loves another woman! This is a bad idea. You will always be compared to her and she will always be on his mind. "
"Yeah, I agree with you. I was just addressing OP's question; cardio can be important while bulking because it can be a limiting factor in your lifts. It has been for me. So it's not essential but probably a good idea to incorporate a cardio routine in any lifting routine, just like it's a good idea to incorporate a yoga/stretching routine in any lifting routine. I wouldn't advocate making either your primary focus if you're putting on muscle, but they have their place and there's a reason for it."
[deleted]
"It does seem like he's dead, I mean Ajeel survived a slash across his entire torso (which would've also hit his vitals) and there are often a lot of mysteries in Fairy Tail (ahem... E.N.D for example, as well as Erza assuming that Jellal had died at the end of the Tower of Heaven Arc), Warrod doesn't even know that he has the ability to see Mavis's ghost so... If God Serena were Yury then Warrod probably wouldn't be able to figure it out"
"The idea isnt incompatible with surviving on generally. Imagine that you can hunt for bunnies with an eagle for example, deers with a dogy,  that an neglected pet can become hostile and ultimately flee, some pets may have some storage slots and follow you on long session farming, a barking dog may warn you when an enemyis approaching or contrary, to reveal your position. Etc, etc"
"Braum, Irelia, Annie. 

Please be gentle ;)"
"Makes sense, cheers."
"Lmao. You haven't watched any Anime, have you? :D"
"Myös 4.10.2016 pidetystä konsertista oleva näyte puuttuu, aikakone rikki?
"
Because that's fucking overpowered as hell
"Is this really him?  "
I like it but they need to shorten the intro as he gets acclimated to the roster
oh.
dude this is FN Look. http://i.imgur.com/JAilwUQ.jpg don't teach m8.
"I'll chalk that one up on the ""I'm not crazy side"" of my poll. It certainly reduces my enjoyment. I'd like to say drives up my scores, but he can't be blamed for the 10 seconds it takes me to hit it fat."
Clearly defined personal boundaries. Is that so hard?
"OP your daughter will be rich and put you in an amazing nursing home one day! Be happy! /s

No seriously tho, this comment is accurate. I did the same thing as a teen and I'm doing ok. She's probably pretty creative, sign her up for a writing course at your local CC and instead of staring off into space she'll be writing stuff. This is a good thing. "
"&gt; the number of douchenozzles advocating open borders with little to no vetting is way, way higher than you might think.

Could you, perhaps, express ""way way higher than you might think"" in actual numbers in polls, and distribution of political parties supporting open doors immigration?"
Die Bohne sollte statt dem Helm ein Kondom auf dem Kopf haben ;)
"Good catch! "
"It's too late, if even one member of SRS suggests you are a pedophile, that's it for your career. The cops are constantly looking to us for leads."
"The huge community, the huge number of plugins and themes

You will not find the same community and resources in any other CMS.

Also it's PHP so it's easy to host on anything. Most clients don't want/need dedicated servers or anything, so we just host their sites on small shared servers that cost something like 2-3$ a month"
"**BEST:**  
  
**foundation stick**  LOVE this so much.  Bought this because I was looking for something very travel-friendly (read: something that CANNOT SPILL), and this fit the bill.  It's pricey for sure, but a little goes a long way, and it gives perfect coverage, while not accentuating any flakes or imperfections on my skin.  I use it over a hydrating primer and use the stick to draw a few lines on my face (similar to a glue stick, lol), the buff it out with a synthetic foundation buffer.  Set with a little powder and I'm good to go for the day.  Seems like it'll last quite a long time, and can double as a concealer in a pinch.  
  
**lipsticks** I have quite a few of them at this point, and I like them all.  Great formulas, nice colors, and decent weartime, plus they aren't as drying as some.  

I wouldn't call them the WORST, but I wasn't a fan of any of their liquid foundations, and I tried two.  Neither gave very good coverage, nor did they go on as smoothly and evenly as I would have liked, especially from an $80 product.  The stick is great, the liquids are only mediocre."
Diva Cup. Mine's going on 4 years now!
Najedeš se kolača danas :)
I can talk about market manipulation for fun and profit.
I feel like with the Rams moving to LA then the division will turn into crazyballs like the NFC East
"Best display of sportmanship and respect I've seen. "
Still got it?
I go to that college :o cool
This is a fantastic picture
"タコさんウインナーを用意して  
「見よ！これが日本のソーセージだ！」と教えてあげよう"
super fum
Calling it now: Vinny Lecavalier should get the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy
"I really hope that Manning can light it up in the Super Bowl so the win is really his. And then we could stop hearing people bitch about how he's not great and his defense carried him here. We get it, he was shit this season, but give the guy a fuckin break. "
[removed]
"Yo me espero para comprarme el coche porque metí el dinero en la campaña. Y no soy un iraní, soy un español muy cabreado y más viendo el articulo de la fosa de Puerto Real  http://www.eldiario.es/andalucia/cadiz/Puerto-Real-exhumada-Cadiz-franquista_0_475602718.html

O dejais paso al cambio o me subo a la barricada cabrones!"
"and bdw it doesnt have that high amount of pink either,screenshot is under bright light so it looks like that, ask him to provide some low light ss the colour would be pretty normal for a p2 "
"I'm not unemployed now, but I was for 6 months.  I basically went to the gym and beat off all day.  "
"give Banzai by Ronin a try. One of my favs. "
"in addition to everything suggested, try introducing subtle modulation over time. FilterFreak from soundtoys can modulate the cut off frequency of a filter in several different ways, e.g., depending on a threshold or a synced (or not) LFO.

also try subtle pitch modulation on different elements. in logic for example, you can use the ""fine"" or ""tune"" control and automate that manually or use an envelop or LFO to subtly change over time, or you can use velocity as a mod source.

try automating sends to short or long reverbs, or modulating the feedback on delays.

try adding big reverbs and delays to percussion, bouncing the effects out as audio, re-importing them and chopping them up, reversing them, etc.

just try to think of doing something crazy and see how it sounds. have fun :)"
yeah it was pretty warm but the grips are so nice...
hattori_hannzo84
"&gt; Not going to lie, the rift 'looks' nicer, but I am not going to be looking at it.

It also looks lighter and more comfortable, which will matter when it's on your head."
"The battleship in WoWS is a planner and strategist's class. Especially early on in the tech tree, they move slowly, turn slowly, and the guns reload slowly and traverse slowly. What this means is you need to think way ahead about where you're going, which way your bow needs to face, which way your guns need to face, and what you're trying to target. If you get the though ""I should probably start turning now"", you needed to have already started turning about a minute ago, swinging your guns around as you did it. Once you get to the place you're trying to go, you need to choose your targets carefully so that every shot counts, because your reload is so long.

The fact that you have the most hitpoints and can repair does make you into the center of the fleet, but it's a common mistake to think that you can go it alone because of that.  An unescorted battleship is essentially a cheap source of XP and credits for anything that can get close enough to launch torpedoes, and you can also easily be taken down by a few cruisers working together to light you on fire. But if you go together with another battleship or so, with a cruiser or two to keep destroyers and torpedo bombers off your back, you can tank impressive amounts of damage and absolutely demolish enemy cruisers, battleships, and even carriers (if you can get in range). The only class that can really get away with playing lone wolf is destroyers, because they are hard to spot, and even then it helps to have a teammate around to distract the enemy while you make your torpedo runs."
Say someone got into your phone and took a picture of a photo. Blame an obscure uncle or friend.
"You obviously haven't seen Ex Machina.

It has the best Cinematography ever. No other movie has Cinmeatography like it. How can you say Cinematography doesn't matter? It's the best Cinematography in any movie ever, you filthy casual. You probably haven't even read the wikipedia article on Cinematography. 

Cinematography"
[removed]
"how do you have finals at the end of January "
"The Ralph hate is 100% unjustified.  Ralph is the greatest caller of all time and a vital presence in the show when he's around.  Ralph haters don't get it "
"Stick a sock or torch in your crotch underneath you tights or pants giving the illusion of a penis. 

Works well , source: me , nobody talks to me in the gym "
[deleted]
"http://www.henheaven.org

Probably thr best example of how it can potentially be done. They're a hen sanctuary who sell the eggs to cover some of the cost of keeping the hens. Sure this one would disappear if the egg industry did but I think it proves that it is possible in a technical sense and the issue is implementation. Personally if I was local to them I would have no issue supporting those guys as I dont see there is an ethical issue with them."
"A small smile tugged at his mouth, and he nodded his head.

""Yes, you. You seemed a bit down."""
"If you have a mental health condition, [MIND](http://www.mind.org.uk/) have helped many people into work.

Volunteering somewhere is going to help you in several ways -- experience of working in a team etc and giving you a reference. If your first volunteer post doesn't give you the breadth of experience you need, find another!

I would also look into what your local college of FE offers in the way of short computer courses -- as you presumably have learned a bit about computers to fill your days."
That was the best thing I've ever seen!!
"Yeah exactly, and hell for anyone playing the objective when 20 rats are camping. Just not really that fun."
"Some easy math. Trump's intern are tweeting the bernie tag every time they post. Not hard to stay ahead of that, but a cool 8x, is nice"
"Why not? Just go into it with an open mind. It's pretty in vogue to shit on this book right now and I wouldn't let what other people say cloud your enjoyment/decide your reading choices. 

One thing to bear in mind is this: Salinger is not holding Caulfield up as an example of a well-rounded or well-reasoned person, far from it; there are times in the novel when you can laugh with Holden but mostly you will be laughing at him; nothing he says is really all that agreeable, and that's the point, you're supposed to think ""what an ass"" at points. Where people go wrong for me is that they enter this book under the assumption that A). they're supposed to relate, without abstraction to Holden, and that B).  when the book portrays him doing immature and tasteless things it's somehow trying to promote that behaviour or venerate his actions, it's not. You will see a lot of comments here about how you have to relate to Holden to enjoy the book. That's simply not true, I think the book is best enjoyed from a place far removed from Holden. 

I hope you enjoy it if you try it, I think it's probably one of my favourite books."
because I can
"I liked the end discussion where Zirine memes 'Got Gangplank, doesn't matter!' so hard. "
"Come on, who could not like Halo 5's classic maps such as...uh...the human one! And...uh...the other human one but with slightly rounder corners!"
"No, not at all.

I feel like I'm a burden to when it comes to anything."
"Your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags. The tags are [Article] [Discussion] [Image] [Meta] [Story] [Text] [Tool] [Video]. **Please add the suitable tag and resubmit.**

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GetMotivated) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"It's hard w/o knowing the full scenario. The associate could've been taking a cart to claims and took a candy bar out for themselves. Or he could've said it was just an unlabelled empty bottle of drink that was in there so he went to throw it away. There are thousands of scenarios/excuses, and it's possible that management didn't want to fire someone off of a simple hunch / first offense."
It's almost like smashing someone's hopes and dreams for shits and giggles can have serious negative impacts on people's lives...
"Appreciate this man. The script has gone through several drafts, it's almost there, I just like planning ahead. But I agree. I think trying to juggle everything at once is where it becomes stressful and overwhelming. Will definitely finish the script and then continue linear. "
"You should be asking that question to all those going ""evil casteist brahmins hurr durr""."
Please read the sidebar.  You have to put something together so that we can help you.  There are other subreddits for your question if you don't want to do that.  Check out /r/buildapcforme
"Ignoring the idiocy (and not being well versed in glass replacement)  I'd go for the roll down windows.  I know how to replace them.  "
":D I'm happy to do so, on both accounts"
"Seriously, this, 100 percent. Please tell me how we reverse this. Obviously the answer is get off Reddit and pick up a book. Where did my 12-year-old discipline and work ethic go?"
"I gotta say, aside from the criticism post being deleted yesterday after the drama began, the mod team here has done a fantastic job this time around (I didn't really pay attention the first few times). This post especially solidifies the mod team (or perhaps just OP, not sure how the mod-team dynamic works) as mature, self-aware, and independent from TB, which I respect, particularly with the non-ban of Twitter, which I was afraid would happen after TB tweeted asking for that, as well as posts containing criticism of TB and the mod team.

Props, mods."
"People were hyped for NMPILA because they were judging as a good Friday's song. However when you judge it as an album song, it is not up to par."
"Really? Mine are awfully dull.

Now that I think about it. I think my dreams might have been on peaceful mode."
why would you do that? what would be the point in that?
"More like: ""Don't you dare! Nope! NOPE! NOOO!... Damn you!"""
"Hey could you elaborate on the AsusGamingFirstService as i have a asus machine and would love to know about this fix! However, I can not seem to help you."
"Is it just me or was she completely not sorry?

"
Came here to say Interstellar.
And All-Stars :p
google or bittorrent. it is season 10 e 01
"Lovin the sound, great guitar work

Have subscribed to your channel, looking forward to hearing more :)"
"its still cold ? it warm in beijing today, like around 0 celcius"
LALALAICANTHEARYOU
"hey thanks man .I'll buy a cheap one learn quickly then switch "
I've never run into any issues cleaning heat sinks with paper towels.
"High fibre veggies and whole foods are nutritous and satisfying, but if you need something to mix it up, protein fluff is a high volume treat to try. You could add psyllium husk to it if you wanted the fiber, but it's filling on its own."
lol is that actually your name?
"You sure? I work in an ER and we get people via ambulance with complaints of toe pain, tooth ache, being hungry... we even get patients that just use the ambulance to get closer to their destination and don't even check in, just walk away. Never heard EMS or any other nurses mention a fine for some of the ridiculous stuff we get. Would be a nice deterrent. "
"Currently, I am working in Brass, Bronze, White Bronze, and Aluminum 319.

[Here is an image illustrating all the different alloys](http://i.imgur.com/PSKieCj.jpg)"
"Unfortunately, the album has been buried beneath other new songs and old albums. (Bloc Party is doing some interesting GOOD stuff, and muse's Drones). I am super excited for some live versions, especially AHFOD, Birds, Up&amp;amp;Up, AOAL, and maybe Everglow, but the album itself has shown more weaknesses than strengths in the last weeks. 

EDIT: for comparison, Ghost Stories grew exponentially with time. MX was an instant  100% since day 1. Viva la Vida took years to grow on me, but that album simply can't be compared to AHFOD. (the latter is very, very weak)."
"Oui mais tout le monde n'a pas une femme comme la tienne :D "
"idk overcoming an obstacle isnt always fun, but its worth it in the end(assuming you overcome it)"
"A few people already have, unfortunately it appears to have been taken down already... Fox seems to be out in full force"
"Some still use imported Chinese cinnabar for medicine, around the Midwest. I don't get it. It's freaking mercury ore. It will kill you if it gets in your blood."
My f2p ass whose highest rank ever reached was rank 13 can confirm.
Thresh @ 100k
"1) Comanglia's

2) Rhapsody's"
[deleted]
"I think this is a good idea.. back during diretide, people want to win the game as they benefit from winning diretide, so everyone cooperates (even the opposing team).."
"We just wanted until we could go buy ginger and finished them then. They turned out very tasty. I got a bunch of Star Wars shaped cookie cutters for Christmas so we had some fun with those. "
I would cry from laughter if they went this route.
"I didn't say anything, shit for brains. Look who made the comment.

Anyway, nattou is correct. They only dumb it down to ""natto"" for you dopes overseas."
Malygos and sarth 3d both works fine but 3d is close to impossible due to the overtuning(Tanks get oneshotted). Thats fun though so you have something to still aim for.
"""I work IT""  :/"
Took #221. Thanks!
[deleted]
Yeah it was the same back in the day. You were not cool unless you ore the surfer shop labels. I think the only thing I owned from a surf shop was a dress that felt like it was made of parachute materials in baby and navy blue. So '90s. And it was the first bright bit of clothing I ever owned. And by far the shortest lol
"Actually if you have a good peeler, try to peel some yellow summer squash and it actually is really tasty. I made that once before I got my spiralizer and it was very good :-) 

I also like to buy 2% Greek yogurt, mix it in with some flavoring such as finely crushed black or raspberries, some liquid stevia, vanilla extract or sometimes coco powder. I then put it in the freezer. Before you want it for ice cream, you take it back it into the fridge for a few hours. So good :-) "
"The bomb was too short, the previous hiatus is leaking into this one.  "
"I think they will do that for the next M5, but for M3, the customers would revolt if they give up the ""fun factor"" and chase after pure performance.

But again, this is the BMW that switched to electric steering, so who knows."
"This comment lowered my sodium intake, for which I am grateful."
"ask to see a manager when applying, state what your looking for and your experience level. this may be awkward for you at first but after you get abit used to it it can go along way in more or less telling your potential employer what exactly they are getting when they hire you. even with little to no experience stating your aware of needing to learn the job can impress people and let them know your not someone with attitude or a sense of entitlement.

interviews, the number one absolute piece of advice: ask questions.
your potential employer is nearly always interviewing several people for the position your looking for. they are probly asking the same questions over and over and well probly bored of it. ask questions about the job that will allow the interviewer to explain an answer.

example lets say I want to work at a nail salon, no experience no idea of anything in that industry.

'as a starting employee will I be working with clients, preforming more as a support/clean up to more senior team members, or would my role be more explaining services like manicures at first?'

this will allow them to explain their expectations/your job duties. be receptive to this and it will do wonders for you, they will think back on you and think ok this dude gets what I want from him and seems to be alright with it. obviously personalities and other factors always come into play but this shows that your actually interested in THIS JOB, as apposed to finding any job or that showing up with resume or to an interview is all that is needed."
"Basically there are only a few variants:

1 He works she works.  Focus here is on smooth transitions, and knowing your rep schemes.

2 He works she does something else (eg hang hold). 

3 Synchronised movements, sometimes sharing equipment. Clearly these require practise, as big guys small girl might move very differently in speed vs power

4 Relays, sometimes with ""gates"" ie he cant start x until she has completed y.  Tactics come into play here, order and where the bottlenecks are.

Based on that you should be able to come up with plenty of WoDs.  Start with a classic WoD (because these have testing movement combos) and spice them up.  Also check out comps eg yesterdays ECC WoDs."
That Obama is secretly Tupac.
"I don't use the modpack things that much actually. I alternate a little bit.

Still like vanilla more actually but I want to keep the options so I play modded"
Enchantress in the banner? I'm satisfied.
Good post. btw this isn't a game retard
mypainisgreaterthanyours.jpg
That's because the French put them in ghettos and discriminate.
"I agree completely, one of my favourite scenes of all time, although I think it's better [with Renge included](http://i.imgur.com/gqyeqp7.jpg). A lot of the context of the scene is lost without showing her cycling away.

[Here's a comment I made about this scene](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/3k04kw/spoilers_non_non_biyori_repeat_episode_10/cutqfrs) from the episode discussion."
His part is so sonically pleasing :(
"Because people are concertedly trying to take him down. It's just not good enough that he tries to retrospectively pad out his presidential campaign, because he's just not clever enough, and it's showing. Regardless, by principle, I would never trust a man who cheats at golf, how crass."
"Awesome! I love this feeling so much. To know you put something together and it's not totally fucked up in the moment of truth

If i may, it sounds like you've got some higher pitched rattle. Could be piston slap. Could be valve noise. Could be timing belt tensioner. But I hope it goes away!"
"Oh my god, I gotta watch this playthrough. That was hilarious."
I do like once maybe twice a month for 2-3 days aha. That's about it though.
"  
[food chain](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Handlers/Image.ashx?name=food chain&amp;type=card&amp;.jpg) - [(G)](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=food chain) [(MC)](http://magiccards.info/query?q=!food chain)  
^^^[[cardname]] ^^^to ^^^call"
You're the idiot who asked in the first place.
Yes and chesstempo.com
"It amazes me how many people in a subreddit revolving around black culture dont know, or cant context clue their way to ""take an L""... Not putting you on blast but its been everywhere since the meek shit popped back up.

Ever heard the phrase, ""Take a Loss""? Take an L"
"Well, I'd probably make the ""on your own home"" part compulsory, but yeah, I agree."
"Hrm, ok. I'll take a look tomorrow and figure out what's going on."
Thanks!
"""check, mate""

""checkmate, cunt"""
"---Joke--&gt;

&amp;nbsp;

 Your head"
8JWL3-TJZGW-5CINP
"While this may be late, I have a question about trifurcation of the state of Jammu and Kashmir (or whatever is left of it).

What do you think about Jammu and Kashmir being divided into 3 different states viz. Jammu, Kashmir and Ladakh? I know that this would make the separatism in Kashmir ever more stronger, however, the other two regions could be salvaged.

Also how accessible is Kashmir? Meaning, is there any route from Jammu to Ladakh, something that bypasses Kashmir altogether?

One final question - how much effect would railways have if the entire state was connected. Like a line from Leh to Jammu to Srinagar and everywhere in Kashmir proper? Is it even feasible in the near future?"
"The term virgin originally only referred to sexually inexperienced women
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virginity
but why did it evolve into definition of a person not having sex when it was a woman who had never before been ""deflowered"""
Sounds to me like everyone knows OP sells crack.  I'd say the stopping due process thing should start with him.
dude
"Have you tried Michelob Ultra?

I don't know if you heard of it. It's light and under 100 calories. The taste is not that strong. 

Ask your bar manager about it next time. ***Michelob Ultra*** 

Write it down just in case you forget."
"As they should have been. Just running around isn't playing anyhow. "
I'm glad I get F1 Latin America....all weekend sessions &amp; races are live :)
The only way you'd be throwing away 1200 dust is if Thalnos was nerfed though! I think Thalnos might be the most un-nerfable card in the whole game :P
"I'm a complete nub, so take all my feedback with a ton of salt.

AFAIK, the math shows that AP &gt; Dis, Beams &gt; Cannons, and Rep sets &gt; mission reward sets.

Instead of active hull hardening, you might be better off with Enhanced Armour Penetration.

Other than that, this build looks quite nice.

Live long and prosper. \_\\\\//"
"I wish this were true, but the sad reality is those corporations only get stronger and more powerful as time passes.  We'll be long gone and those industries will still be raking our souls.  "
You can't mirror.
"Thank you for making me feel better about my size. "
"Mujica and cute girls, so I like it"
"Its not pragmatism, its a politician who isn't willing to actually fight or do any hard work for her people. Her policies are lazy, and her attempt to dress it up as being ""pragmatic"" is lazy."
"We have the 10 pack of Yugo mags for 150
http://www.apexgunparts.com/yugoslavian-ak47-mags-10-for-150-with-bonus-items.html

These are some great magazines (if you ever get a broken or damaged one, we'll always be sure to replace it for free) 

We also have some of the european surplus magazines which are great, and some polymag 40rd Bulgarians ones with steel lips on them.

Those AIM Mags are a great buy! Congrats!"
"Uneven foundation cracks can mean a lot of things... None of which are good.  In a worst case scenario (earthquake/windstorm) it could result in a catastrophic failure of the structure.

Typically, an uneven slab means:
Overloaded structure - typically from a bad/unpermitter remodel.  This overloads a foundation, exceeding the bearing pressure of the soil, leading to foundation settlement.
Failing subgrade - wether it is due to erosion from a leaky pipe, expansive (clay) soil conditions, or poor craftsmanship/compaction/settlement, it is usually cost prohibitive to correct.
Unstable grade - if your house is on a hillside, it can be a sign that either the slope above or below is moving. "
"He finally did it. He always said it and we didn't believe him. One of these days... Bang, Zoom, America went to the moon."
the weights for sure...buy the weights and try it for 5 months...if it doesnt work out then after 5 month return to the  gym...but now you will always own weights for future work outs.  I just went through the same decision and I love having some weights around the house to throw around at all times of the day.
"But not just his movements and posture, his general face and looks so much older.   "
"
If sanders is elected youll get what you deserve, soul-crushing authoritarianism, trampling of the poor and weak, and further empowerment of the fewest rich and powerful.

Censorship is a core tenet of socialism, so you should not be surprised by it. "
"""I see dead people"""
"Do you have any small animals, cause I'm sure the iguana will target them."
"You can still have all that stuff inside your head, you'll just be better at not letting it overwhelm or derail you when you need to think about other things."
"Back in 2005 not everything was as integrated online like it is now. I inferred from his statement that he basically created her login - back then to do that all you needed was the phone number, and if no account had been created already, you could do it yourself. If (and it seems like he did) he also had access to her email account, then setting up her account - or changing it - would have been very easy. Either way, it's obvious that he and the brother had access to her phone account (and therefore records) AND her voice mail messages. How this did not seem suspicious to the ""cops"" is beyond me. "
"California Billiards Club: http://www.californiabilliards.com/

First result on google, btw...

Anyway, I've been there a bunch of times - great (NEW) tables, carom, snooker, and good food. Nice place."
"I wouldn't worry about it, only dimmers need any kind of LED rating.

A single pole switch is a single pole switch."
"It COULD affect your lives.  But then, so does drunk driving (quite a bit moreso in fact, as u/cantquitreddit pointed out), and I don't see you calling for a prohibition on all alcohol.  You're thinking with fear, and it fucking disgusts me as someone who has to put up with a CERTAIN slow, painful, humiliating death because you ""might"" get hurt in a freak accident."
Still hot
"The third ""What industries are not as shadey as we think?"" post within the last hour which is currently on ""Rising"""
"It's a friends guild, everyone is on vacation so nobody actually plays the game right now. Most people travel, I don't really mind that :)"
"Ralphie May. "
"I ran the same tests with numerous containers (in houses, car trunks, caves, etc -- any container that has an inventory screen) vs. on your person/on the floor inside/outside on the ground/on a shelf/cave whatever. I can confirm it is binary whether the meat is cooked or raw: In a container has slower condition degradation than not in a container."
can your reverse the motor in CC3Ds software?
[deleted]
"no clickbait, i saw video. lifestealer definitely flamed spectre, no kappa"
There is a box propped up on one side by a stick with some string tied to it over that text.
"U wot m8?
"
Goddamn that was hardcore!
"&gt;Nations cannot leave people stateless 

what does this mean?  Isn't a stateless person also a guest"
"University sounds okay so I'll probably go.

I guess I will do a maths or comp. sci. degree. I don't really know if I want to be a consultant; it sounds painful. My name is 'ineedlies'."
[deleted]
"Wait how did I miss lions. I watched that game I thought "
"Kirito but no HxH character, good nonetheless"
"This reminds me of Letters To MLK. 

http://imgur.com/gallery/1Db5X?lr=0#HNdztE8"
"Great points, thanks! It's sad how money is such a factor. Luckily I'll have enough for these games alone. I do love Camden yards, never been to Yankee stadium. 

Anyone else have similar thoughts or completely opposing ones? "
well?
"She's naked later in the movie lol. "
"and that's probably what he'll do.  but the more katyushas that land in turkish territory the more pressure Erdogan will come under to invade, which will serve his personal fairy tale if not his political interest and, dangerously, will exacerbate already inflamed tensions between him and the Sunni Monarchs, on the one hand, and the Russians and Iran on the other.  

If ISIL believes their apocalyptical reason for being, and as long as Obama is determined to stay out, drawing NATO boots into the conflict may be the only way to get more christians and ""unbelievers"" into the fight."
"Nope. Completely middle class, both parents are well educated lawyers. Mostly retirees. "
You can't let yourself get soft
Why do people want to remember any era? Cool shit happened.
"Agree on Jat, Boltace, Karyst and Redeemer, although i'd like to see a Secura Serro and a different Synoid wep... as all of Suda's weapons are cephalon-made there surely will be a cephalon melee...

No love for the prova however... sad"
Removing this post as most of your post history is just self-promotion.
Why is UFC 33 considered a disaster?
*Tyler moves to the right making sure to not let the wind carry his scent towards them. Nocking an arrow he draws it. Taking careful aim he releases the shot. The arrow speeds towards its mark burying itself deep into the heart of the doe. In a blink the animal drops to the ground as the other deer run away.*
"I want Mularkey to prove me wrong. I want Robinson to show that he was a good pick and not the most qualified yes man. I was wrong about Mariota last year, I'll happily eat my words about Mularkey if he can guide the team to success.

That said, I still have no love for ownership and I want them to sell the team to someone with firm local ties ASAP."
will you share more codes ? i wanted to try and see whats the game like but codes are used.
"No. YOU (&amp; others) may use weed to escape reality similar to how you use porn to escape it - but that speaks more of your misuse of something - leading you do demonize it.

I WILL continue to smoke the fuck up, &amp; i am SINCERE about this nofap shit - there is no need to be ""serious""

Point is - do wdeva works for you - but do not take something that CAN be utilized beneficially and attempt to demonize it due to your own misuse."
"* Sig Sauer P320 Carry 
* Aliengear Cloak Tuck 3.0 
* Galaxy Note 3 
* Kershaw Cryo II Tanto
* Saddleback wallet
* Streamlight ProTac
* Oakley Turbine sunglasses 
* Nite Ize S-Biner w/ car keys
* Gerber Shard"
"I bet one of them took it. Fighting the space chickens, no doubt. "
"Let's say the worst happens and there is a meltdown on one of these and it sinks. How is it worse than detonating nuclear bombs under water, which I believe the US (and couple other countries maybe) has already done quite a few times? I'm actually asking the question. I dunno if it's worse or not."
he says qu-qu-question marksss and maybe your game lagged a bit and the sound got messed up
Then you probably haven't looked. The second video that MrTravesty posted shows all the console debuts/console exclusives. The Witness and Hellblade are timed and don't have the console exclusive banner. But No Man Sky does.
Check my most recent post
"You mean: Not drawing a warm bath and slitting their wrists peacefully while they had the chance. "
Craig's list?
"Nope, you want 15"" or 16"" wheels on an offroading car.  That way you can get up to 65 or 70 sidewall size on your tires"
I HEARD THEY GO INTO THE 10 ITEMS OR LESS LANE AT THE SUPERMARKET WITH 11 ITEMS.
"I thought it enabled all melee attacks to be used again more quickly including charged ones, just not swords or relics."
"""Stone Cold was the CM Punk of his time"" what a line"
"[Flow](http://getflow.com/) is hiring! we've been working on our new [2.0 Tasks app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.getflow.tasks) for a while now (just launched last week), and we also have a chat app [Flow Chat](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.getflow.chat). 

----
Company: Flow

Job: Android developer (preferably 2+ yrs experience)

Location: Victoria, B.C.

Allows remote: YES

----
please send your ""application"" (whatever that might look like, we just prefer a link to your website or a list of projects and a quick ""about me"") to derek@getflow.com
"
K
I'm sure there will be a remedy for caier unless there's gonna be a time skip of the story for the few months.
[deleted]
How do you know if someone plays HC? They'll tell you.
"Whether or not your life is precious doesn't really matter, opiate withdrawal is hell. When the AC turning on hurts so much you cry, life will seem much less precious than it does now. The worst part of all is being awake for weeks, unable to sleep through any part of it. We drug addicts tend to be stupid and never take advice, but I figured I might as well warn you.  It's ok to use them, just don't take opiates more than a couple times a week. But if you have no tolerance Id try to take 30 or 40 mg of hydrocodone or oxy. "
"Bit far for me to travel then, as I'm in the UK XD"
The greatest swordsman alive gets killed by a bunch of nobelmen. If he was to die they should have him go down in a blaze of glory.
"but that would cost them more money and put them in greater need of a bailout. "
"[Quality post detected, notification sent for verification.  Have a nice day!](http://gfycat.com/AcademicQuestionableBlackpanther
)
"
"&gt;Gerrymandering is when the majority party sets the district lines to control votes so they are guaranteed to win re-election.

And how do you do this when the number of people voting for you is random ? If you **assume** everybody votes along party lines all the time and always shows up then I might take your claim as truth. Otherwise it's an exaggeration "
"Hmm, trying to imagine chaos with Byeollungnum.... or maybe "
I mean is there a chance they made it out alive?
"I didn't say it was inaccurate, I said it was hatchet-job opposition research. 

The difference isn't in the facts presented, but in the light that they're presented in. Hitchens was no biographer, he was a prosecutor.  

You show me a public figure that hasn't had this done to them, and I'll show you someone who doesn't matter. "
"Six months? We'd 'ave KILLED fa six months. When ah wus a lad, ah had to get up at 'alf past two in the morning, three hours before bedtime. We'd 'ave ta climb up our 'ouses and make rope from dried grass. Then we'd clean it with our tongues an' hope fer the best. In the evening we'd gather our measly 9 bits and split it between the twelve of us, use it to make soup-like. Then our dad, bless, 'ed beat us to unconscious with 'is one shoe. But you try tellin' that to the kids today..."
"Try and find the Panthers/Giants game from earlier this season. High scoring game, very close finish, and an entertaining back and forth between Odell Beckham Jr and Josh Norman."
"This is interesting, I love all of Snyders run on Batman. I've read every issue around Zero Year but for some reason can't bring myself to go past a few issues into that arc. Not sure why when even the newest arc has me completely hooked."
Yeah! \o
"Are you fucking serious?

Its reawoken the concept of nationalization?

Seriously what? Do you interact with normal people? Or is this false consciousness excuse stuff again?

People are aware of these concepts, people are buying papers by the truck load that spent the day mocking them.

I mean is this the thin end of wedge, if he's broadening debate about train nationalization, he's also doing it on nuclear disarmament and fucking Falklands negotiation.

Dude.... as a former standup, the idea that you can mock without the audience getting the context.

Just wrong. All of it, sorry."
"It's becoming a bit of an overused phrase but its because its true:

MGO2 had this feature. It worked. No issues."
"I would like to echo this. I've seen a lot of ""I have $300 to my name and I want to use kf to get rich quick"" type questions,comments,posts, and that's not what it is. Kickfurther should be a supplement to one's already robustly diversified portfolio of whatever size. Novice investors should NOT be using kickfurther unless it is with ""play around"" money that they can afford to lose. (Actually, this is good advice for everyone.)


Also, diversifying INSIDE of KF is important: IMO one of the best features of the platform is the ability to go as low as $20 on offers. So instead of just waiting for the absolute highest yield offers and sinking all your money in it, spread it around...diversify by type of product if possible.

&gt;&gt;Also, as long as KF doesn't implement their e-commerce or better tracking tools, business will keep not reporting sales and not paying back appropriately.

Correct. The KF gang keep talking about putting in an API system which HOPEFULLY would allow them to say ""hey, you sold twice as many units last month as you thought you would, increase your payout""."
Sell what stuff?
That math right shit was gassed
/r/1900mixalot
[removed]
"Honestly quit your complaining... I live in California and we're still at $2.90+ for cheapest option. "
"I swear, you and the lizard people really need to get your act together. Just because us mere humans act like self absorbed children does not mean you have to. Tone it down and you'll catch less flak from the tinfoil patrol. "
"So what was Fish Mooney trying to say? She better be careful around that tusk, it might poke her eye out. Ooops, nevermind just be careful around spoons."
"I have one of these and I love it. Because it almost touches the mini fridge ceiling, I used a self venting bung instead of an airlock."
TR-8R wasn't shot by traitors. He was shot by a resistance FG-3T.
I smell so much smarter than my nibling's dick.
"Thank you, I want that desk also.  Looks good!"
Awww I have not made it there in a long time unfortunately but I will always keep that in mind. Im glad I made you smile its the least I could do for countless pictures you have posted that always make my day better than it already was.
I don't let it distract me but it's not pleasant sitting near someone that that smells like a sweaty fish.
My sight is sooo bad that it's actually easier for me to wipe the fog off constantly than try to shower without them :( I wear contacts more than glasses but I can't wear my contacts in the shower because the steam makes them feel weird and gross.
"&gt; So while they introduced it in CES, that's restricted technology.

That's the real kicker. *Consumers* aren't going to legally have access to this sort of technology unless a whole lot of regulations were to be re-written."
"I made several tries at mission 45 with just the Leather Jacket as my outfit. Because I didn't want to see Venom wearing that ugly Battle Dress in the cutscenes xD managed to do it in the end :3 tough mission. Apparently it's easier to extract the tanks and armoured vehicles, but I got shot to pieces when I tried that. I swear that smoke grenades don't work like they should, in that mission... It's like they could see straight through the smoke o.o"
"thanks for taking the time, i think in order to enjoy my wars more i need to move up to 8.5, so thats what i'll do, i'll worry about my defenses later on (maybe when SC sort their house out). my second account a relatively new TH8 so i might leave it there (or not spend so much time and energy getting all skulls)"
Does anyone know specifically what area of English that accent is from? Is it Essex?
This is quite off topic but i want to state that i find process theism to be quite fascinating. I don't have the philosophical chops to properly understand Whitehead's direct work but secondary sources have helped me get a good glimpse of the ideas he advocated. Do you think that process philosophy could perhaps have a larger role in the theistic sphere in the future? I think current theories of property dualism in the sense of Panpsychism line up quite nicely with process theism that Whitehead championed.
Nope.  I was in highschool in the 80s.  My friends and I despised smokers then as we do today.  Try again.
but i'm selling it for 8 keys...
"RoTR is the better game overall. "
"Why do you guys like parking the bus so much?Every single Romanian match I've seen so far,the team has been defending."
[removed]
"It seems the episodes are actually prepared a fair bit of time in advance. At the very least, the huge spoiler segment from a future episode that was revealed today looks very complete."
"&gt; Has the rate of automation correlated with the jobless rate at any point in the last few hundred years? If your theory was true then the jobless rate would have just gone up and up and up since the war.

I assume from your statement that it hasn't, that doesn't mean it won't. 

My theory isn't that past automation has affected the number of jobs, it's that future automation *could*.

And to be fair my theory wasn't even that. I stated that we'd all be butlers to our robot owning masters.  "
"The punishment is what Valve deemed fit for those people and not just because they wanted to ""make an example of someone."" Any future match fixers they catch would receive the same punishment. 

There being ""no rule in place"" is just an excuse only some young person would use. Where in the real World no one is excused just because they are ignorant of  the law.

Does Valve really have to tell these people not to match fix? Do they have to tell them not to beat the shit out of the other team or blackmail them into losing? Does Valve have to tell these professional CS players to not go pull out the other teams computer plugs in the middle of a tournament?"
/r/wickededge
"She has a long medical history. When she was about 7 years old, large cysts started growing on her belly. We had them aspirated and checked shortly after they appeared and the vet found nothing daunting; only clear fluid and epithelial cells. I had them retested every 6-12 months for the rest of her life and they were always benign growths, no mammary cancer, nothing to be alarmed about. They got really big though, and had to be drained occasionally, though they'd always fill right back up. Even though they covered most of her abdomen, they never got in her way. She barely seemed to notice them. 

4 years ago, she was diagnosed with megacolon after recurrent bouts of chronic constipation. This had been an ongoing struggle, but we finally developed a working regimen of special diet, Cisapride (a motility drug), supplements and exercise. Syrii behaved like a kitten until shortly only 4 or 5 days prior to her death. I would have to give her DSS enemas a few times per year, but it was something I was happy to do for her. This cat really did mean EVERYTHING to me and I am devastated to have lost her....

She started showing signs of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (coughing, loss of appetite, lethargy, heavy irregular breathing) and had begun losing weight. I took her to our vet last Thursday knowing that the end was close. I didn't want her to be subject to any invasive testing, didn't want a blood test or anesthesia  for xrays to be taken; she was old and weak and had been through enough. She hated the vet and always responded poorly to took much stress. I wanted to try palliative care, and the doctor agreed that's what was best for her, so that's what we did. Her new prescription didn't do any good and she declined rapidly over the weekend. I knew it was time to say goodbye to her on Monday.

My husband and I have had a very rough few months... he was in a car accident during an out of town trip for work in November and we had another kitty, Spook, who had an emergency (he was a male kitty who developed a urethral obstruction). We live near Cornell University, which has one of the country's best veterinary facilities, and I took him in around midnight the day after my husband's accident. My husband was stranded in Brooklyn and Spook regressed rapidly in intensive care, so I was alone when we elected euthanasia for him. 

It's been a really, really rough few months. 2 fur babies sent to the rainbow bridge is not what I had hoped for or prepared for, and it had taken such a toll on us... the grief is palpable. Our fur babies mean everything to us, we exist to keep them happy and healthy. We love them with all our hearts. Thank you for the sympathy."
"Everyone is suggesting amazing places but I looked through the list and I have to highly recommend Xiao Bao Biscuit. It's one of a kind and it's definitely more hip than classic. Get the okonomiyaki, it's amazing. "
[deleted]
"It's not. You lift your hand to apologise and then play the snooker as tight as you can. Every player that plays enough will eventually get a turn of luck, so it's one of the aspects of snooker to take full advantage when it happens..."
"Do SDs until you run out of energy, as I recall, you don't gain any xp from finishing SDs. That way you'll stack up a sizeable amount of 3*'s (nice for when 6*ing) and level up your units, albeit very slowly."
This is my first time seeing it
[deleted]
"Considering how many of you actually do want to lynch people, you'll pardon my confusion."
"Not sure why this doesn't have more upvotes as this is worded so perfectly!

Think there were definitely ways that both sides could have gone about things better but you are so right about the ""he's cheating!"" and being quick to avoid discussing anything OP could have also done differently is honestly not productive/helpful in the slightest."
"When you scan a gift card into the POS system at a store it doesn't do anything. You also have to swipe the magnetic strip into either your register or another machine, which sends a message to the company that manages the gift cards and it gets activated. You have to complete an entire transaction."
r/unexpected
Thank you so much :)
"Slick here is quite possibly the sweetest, most loving cat I've ever known, but he can't seem to stop scratching himself to the point that he's bloody. He's about 2-3, was a rescue that my mother-in-law took from the shelter, and now belongs to us because of her terminal illness. I cannot afford a vet at this time. Before anyone starts bitching and moaning about the responsibility of a pet and not being able to afford a vet is irresponsible, let me explain this: if we had not taken in Slick he would be dead. My husband's mother would've either let him out into the outdoors (and this is NOT an outdoor cat, trust me, he is purely indoors only and he's a huge, giant sissy that gets his ass kicked by cats half his size) or given him back to the pound, and they would've euthanized him. On top of that, if Slick had died, my autistic son would've been devastated. He's been in love with Slick since day one, so there isn't a chance in hell I would've let him die.

With that said, I know it's not fleas. Any type of collar with anti-flea stuff makes him hideously ill, too, so preferably no chemicals as a remedy unless it's a last resort. Maybe mites? I can't see anything on him that makes me think it's bugs, though, and none of us have any itching.

Any comments or advice is welcome, but please don't be an asshole about the vet thing.

Edit: A thought just occurred to me. We live on a farm. Slick hunts the mice down with great zeal and loves to bring them to me as presents. Could he have possibly gotten mites from them or something else?"
"You can smoke in your car. He didn't have the authority to make her put it out. It is a common tactic cops use to try to arrest drivers and search their vehicle.

They ask you to put out your cigarette and if you flick it off while still lit they can arrest you for disposing of ignited material and search your stuff.

In this case she called his bluff and he became angered and ordered her to exit the vehicle. When she refused (it has been explained to me that a cop can always lawfully order you from a vehicle) he arrested her violently.

I'd be interested if anyone can comment more on the legality of police ordering you from a vehicle. "
"high ping gives you the peekers advantage. You can peek for a few ms even before the enemy sees you. So my advice would be to peek angles constantly instead of holding passively. "
Player 2 has entered the game
"It's a shavette, so its more like he buys sharp blades.  "
"Also young and skinny.  "
"All other questions of validity aside, the fact that it's not professional writing doesn't mean it's not from the Post Office. My dad has worked this exact position in the Postal Service for 45 years. He may be college educated, but isn't eloquent by any means. I'm pretty sure a letter by him would be written in a similar way. I could ask him if he has had to do anything like this."
"Τhe [fountain scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDRE-S9f-W0) in Ocean's Eleven always makes my eyes all welled up. It's such a beautiful and simple scene, just a bunch of friends enjoying their success, watching the pretty waterworks and pondering about the future, all under Debuchy's Claire de Lune."
"Our PP actually does pretty well with puck movement and retrieving pucks after a shot. A lot of the focus seems to be on  tipping in a shot from the point or banging in a rebound rather than a pretty cross crease play, so it might not feel as effective as it actually is."
Just buy it when it comes on sale .... For 100 dollars a shirt
"This. The reason Godzilla has a star is because Toho or some company they are related to paid for him to get it during the run-up to his 50th anniversary. It was a publicity stunt. This is also why you often see actors/actresses ""coincidentally"" get stars immediately before or after the release of a movie (Steve Carrell got one recently and basically the rest of the cast of *The Big Short* was with him, for example). "
"I felt this was similar to their other regular fit knitwear, but would agree you need to size down if you want a slim fit."
And we are going to love it! /s
"How would I add the new game (expansion) into the existing game? Or, how would players access the expansion packs?"
"Hey there, seems you forgot your trade URL. Please add it to your post and reply with 'Done' after you have done so. I will automatically approve your post next time my server allows me to!

-------------------------------------------------

Interested in your own bot? Click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/buyabot/) to get started."
"most of our judges will accept a 30 day delay if you call the clerk with good reasons, not the motion part though never try that pro se. "
Nice I have the Overland Summit with a 2.5 RRO lift. I like mine. Enjoy! I should be able to answer some questions if you have them. Does it have Quadra Trac 2?
"I also agree. Sometimes it just feels to slow.

The research could be made more fun too. Instead of just research centers, there could be additional buildings which gives similar challenges as the power. Also there could be a bonus for spreading out the research on several maps instead of just focusing on one. That should simulate that research benefits from exchanging knowledge."
"That's what I keep wondering about. 

People with 10 tracks on vacstat.us who haven't gotten an over watch in 6 months. 

I have a ban or two per page on my vac status and I just add all the players in the match though. 

Has a couple people on my team that I couldn't tell were cheating in game though. 

Over watch caught them. "
"""So much free diamonds""? Lol, I have 3.6k diamonds sitting there with nothing to use them on :p"
"Been with my current boyfriend for a month. The sex is pretty bad right now but rapidly improving (I unknowingly took his V-card right before we started dating). The rest is perfect - we have been friends for years and are completely on the same wavelength.

Also he's taking and implementing feedback during sex so I'm hopeful for the future."
"Creo que si le mandas una funda nadie se va a dar cuenta. La podes hacer pelota a la funda de prepo, cosa que se 'vea' barato como una tablet BGH.

Lo que tiene de bueno es el valor de reventa: muchisimo mas facil de sacartelo de encima, y con mucha mas conservacion del valor original, si lo cuidas (y no son dificiles de cuidar!) "
Nicole Simpson
Would you be able to post your current parts list?
But what happens if I ignore and keep scrolling? I NEED TO KNOW!
Is it breast cancer?
"*  Ability 4: Dazzling Offensive
*  ""So this is the part where Guan Yu comes in. Dazzling Offensive – Amaterasu’s ultimate – is basically a character called Guan Yu’s old ultimate. “There’s a lot of fans who have always been like ‘bring back the old Guan Yu ultimate!’ People will definitely see the parallels. This is very similar to that. We were exited to bring that back, we did think that was missing from the game.”

"
It is known.
"Thanks mate!
I planned on posting Roy Ayers, but he has way more than 50k scrobbles, so i decided to post something that sampled his music:)"
"if only midlane was that simple XD neither azir or viktor can push first few waves fast enough to be safe, and as a midlaner u cannot just push lane and sit under turret, i love people trying to defend bad matchups with super ""smart"" ways of playing, the truth is that azir into lb is nearly impossible to play, if u sometimes get the e on her w then u get a little bit of pressure but otherwise its just a bad matchup"
"Ah yes, my documentary."
"*A tall handsome man approaches the table. It's not Charles, it's someone Maria doesn't recognize. He is, however, wearing a Gancian general's uniform.*

I knew there was someone I would know here. You're looking lovely tonight Maria."
"Excellent post.

I'd like to add one thing to this as I didn't want to make an entire post for it, but it seems to fit this thread.

Please don't send cigars ""Signature Required"".  I had cigars sit in my post office for 10 days because I work most of the same hours that the post office is open, and I couldn't get to the post office while they were open and I was working.  I was unable to pick them up the first weekend that they sat there, and had to wait until the second weekend.

So I know the sender was worried about his $25 worth of cigars (it was only his second trade, so he didn't know), but it caused a major hassle for me and kind of soured the trade for me.  (BTW, he never posted or acknowledged my half of the trade, although I have tracking to indicate that he received it, and he hasn't been on reddit since, so I'm not worried about hurting his feelings, just hoping to educate other new traders). "
"But this is the first case in  CS:GO, not recent..."
Mmmm i do love me some silkies
"As a friend, on your friend "
"Hello /u/Tmacc96. Your request has been removed because you are asking for a pokemon that cannot be requested on this subreddit. Please refer to our [legality guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/PokemonForAll/wiki/pokemonforall/whatcountsaslegal) for guidance on what you can and cannot request.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PokemonForAll) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"You mean the default android font? "
tbh those questions were really fucking stupid.
upvote
"&gt; He may not get a 'do over' at this point.

maybe, and then he has a great sparring partner for him to practice for his future life, while she figures out her next branch swing. Clearance Diver prelims/spec OPs training is brutal, designed that way to show someone what they are capable of.

If this is a fail, using it to my aforementioned end would be a great thing for OP. Because he'll still have that 'girl hurt my brain' attitude for the next one if he doesn't IMO, and be here in another year, bitching about this exact thing.

Exactly like you say, not his, just his turn, and it may be over. Better make the most of it."
Crazy that non compete clauses are given all the time now.
Saw it in theaters and honestly thought it was the best movie of the year souley based on how uncomfortable I was watching it.
"Sigh. Your point is based on the fallacious notion that decisions will be influenced by criminal behavior, that the criminal behavior will not be discovered, criminals will not be prosecuted, and criminals will not be sentenced after conviction. And, that the consequences of breaking the law will not be a deterrent to criminality. We seem to have very little of the kind of activity in current legislatures, so what makes you think it would be any different in legislature selected by sortition?"
"The jammies are soo soo cute...They are 100 percent cotton from Hannah andersson online or at one of thier shops.They make men's and women or unisex two piece...Buy it on sale though..pricey..reg price 40 per piece. I got them on sale half off..
"
[deleted]
"New York just decriminalized, and New Hampshire...who knows, honestly, when one or two New England states make the jump, New Hampshire will follow. 

Mass will probably legalize this year when it comes up on the ballot initiative, then we'll see the dominoes fall. "
"Yes, I feel you that much. Some of them are even free. It's such a shame
buying an account is very easy, there are a few sites which provide those accounts. Those things dont mean anything."
I think it's $2.4M for hosting NBA on TNT.
"WTF did i just watch...
"
"But. They are no where close. One has firefly and other useful PVE perks like reloading a bullet from your reserve every precision shot, and the other has a nifty perk that increases weapon handling, movement speed and as a final bonus reloads you mag on the first precision shot of each mag.

Apples meat oranges "
I've never read the rinngworld series but that concept sounds really cool.
"Can confirm; haven't eaten chocolate, sweets, Cakes, etc for 2 years now and I can't tell you how delicious fruit and nuts are :)"
"Good thing you acknowledge your mistakes. Apology accepted.
And oh, you don't have to be a Magnolia Crawford all the time. What's with the aggressive tone, girl? Relax."
he could just NOT be from there you know. Seems like a perfectly reasonable place to park to me (
"That's rich that she's talking about the rise in heroin use... especially after we went in and helped the Afghans get their opium crops back online after the Taliban all but destroyed it.

Yes, there's more heroin use because there's more good, cheap heroin available. "
"&gt;MSFTSrep - short for MSFTS republic 

What about the acronym part!? Goddammit! "
"It's always easy to point on fringe groups and feel yourself better by doing it. "
"Haha, yea its most definitely a DJM. After all, if I were one of the animators and found myself needing to look at a picture of an actual mixer to base my drawing off of, it would probably end up being a DJM based solely off their popularity. "
[deleted]
He said the exact opposite. It just won't be featured on their store.
"Come legion (and now), any alt you have can basically solo those instances."
"I've gotten a ton of ISO-8 from completing all of the quests, regardless of difficulty. I've 100%-ed easy and normal, and I'm more than half way through heroic."
"Wait, religious zealots? How preposterous."
"Which is why they will be happy to lose your business.  You sound like the type of nightmare customer that makes me happy I'm longer managing a restaurant. Doesn't really understand how it works,  has no common sense (as in,  if people were getting constantly sick HP would shut them down) but runs their mouth like an expert.  That Chipotle will remain to be there despite your nonsense.  "
"Did you know that a movie that is entertaining doesn't need to be a great movie. 


An example for you: I find the prequel movies entertaining, but i do not view them as god movies."
[deleted]
"Try and trade with your sister. If not, then returning should be fine since the holiday return period for most stores goes to mid January it seems.

The only issue you'll run into is the price difference. "
"Still, he always shoots when Liverpool has the ball within 30 meters of the goal, now we actually have a chance to counter attack them. And Kolo Toure vs Theo Walcott... Not hard to imagine who wins that sprint."
"Using a new blade every time is a nice touch. They are cheap enough, probably moreso if you are buying them in bulk.

And now that you mention it, I have no idea if the blade that is used to shave my nape at the barber is new or used. Come to think of it, I don't even know if the dude is using a straight razor or a cartridge. If he is using a cartridge, I can't imagine that it's new. I imagine I would get a new blade if I actually went in for a shave, but I have a baby beard. I'll have to keep an eye on what he does next time.

Edit: Getting a lot of replies stating that reusing blades is illegal in the states. Thanks for the clarification. I as mostly commenting on how little attention or thought I had given to the process, not accusing my barber of reusing blades."
"Yeah I'm in love with Azir (kinda)  
I also like Varus and TF ^^"
"Except it's happened at restaurants across the country, not just one place."
"People are gonna be disappointed and angry but it's just not worth the risk. "
"and this is why I reddit....

anyone that steps up, you have my admiration and respect.
"
Sure.  Major issues that could arise in the short term after a natural disaster are gastrointestinal illness from contaminated water - would consider ciprofloxacin.  Cipro can work for urinaty tract infections in a pinch but it is not the best. Soft tissue infections/skin - consider oxacillin and Septra DS.  Respiratory and or sinus infections/strep throat - consider azothromycin (zpak).  Penicillin is good to have but you need to know when to use it bc a lot of people have allergies to it and or it is ineffective d/t resistance.  I do have to state that I am not giving you medical advice.  Just pointing you in a direction to research/study.
"I just had to do a double take on this comment to make sure you understand the context of mine. This is r/funny I'm talking about here. This isn't a city council meeting, this is me saying ""Oh, the internet memes don't meet your standards lately? Deal with it, it's fucking memes on a subreddit that hosts mostly memes"". If you're really getting worked up about it, that's really unfortunate, because no one is going to hit the streets to protest for better memes on reddit. If we were paying for a subscription to r/funny and we were dissatisfied then that's a different issue. But the case is, leaving angry comments about something not very serious will do nothing to improve the content on this sub."
"Check out Wilderness Guardians CC for a relaxed social clan with no requirements. You may have read about some drama, check my profile for info, but we are still actively recruiting. Gained 5 people yesterday despite such ""drama""."
"People who will make money. Some dropping is correction, some of purely panic. In a drop it will always fall below a reasonable value. After the panic subsides people will realize they were too hasty. Those who bought at the bottom will be rich as the stock increases. The final level will be below the peak. The peak is when dumb people buy as they get into the tizzy of it can never stop going up. So the better question is why do people buy when it keeps going up?"
"Love the Batman: Husk reference with the dumpster and ""Elliot."""
"To my 17 year old self: Don't sign the student loan. DON'T SIGN IT!

Also, +1 for this question, which often keeps me awake at night."
Or a gathering of information on police protocol.
"Bingo. The Fed is the primary cause of the business cycle because it encourages risky practices and malinvestment through easy credit, i.e. artificially low interest rates. We should not monopolize control of the monetary system or we will perpetually have booms and busts."
"yay! Yeah the site can get a little wonky but your links look good. "
"86 base elite Romo "
"I still prefer a physical book to flip through for referencing tables and figures and such,  but I'll get the SI version or an older version or both and use a pdf if I need problems from the newest edition for homework assignments. 

My general homework / studying routine is one monitor with a pdf of the textbook open to the problem sets.  One monitor for searching/ reference,  Mathcad or similar, lecture notes/slides,  and a physical textbook for further reference and solidifying any concepts that aren't 100% clear. "
That's the klopp we used to know and love.
#biggametonight        ??
Why isn't Jonathan Jansen the minister of education?
"698 487

nope, what type of problems?"
"Profit, its only 1 to 1 on basic weapons. They put their higher so taht they can make profit"
"""Yeah? Up yours too buddy!""

I always answered that question with that answer in Fallout 3. It just felt right."
"Your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags, or you posted a want thread. Please check the sidebar for information about tagging your submission properly and try again. If you have a question, message the moderators.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Freeclams) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Ok, now i want a prequel prequel."
This is the correct answer.
"This looks awesome, terrified I'd put all that time in just for them to come out burnt or too hard "
"MEMES &gt; EVERYTHING

IF YOU DONT LIKE MEMES , GO TO /r/TrueDoTA2 

4Head EleGiggle SoBayed MingLee rtzW"
"Its in perfect condition with the tag, only $330... My wallet still hasn't quite recovered yet..."
"Exactly. Quads might never be accepted if this sort of counterproductive nonsense keeps up. I get that they are marketing their product, buy they don't need to demonize a 99.99% harmless hobby to do so. "
They need to offer a parts kit with no printed parts for people that have 3d printers.
"If it makes you feel better, I always get weird digestion related stuff when it's that time of the month. The cramping is probably what causes part of it. But ranging from feeling like my stomach turned to constipation to the other extreme and always lots of gas. It's a normal part. It's just that. You'll feel better when it's over. "
I ordered the same pen yesterday. Which nib did you go with?
"That's a cool puzzel! I might try to find that myself, wanted to start a puzzle with the family."
Had this issue with my Wii u. Just left it to charge for a night.
we don't have enough information to make that statement. Plus in the Boruto movie it appears he can do it pretty easly
"I think the song is annoying too, but my 6 month old niece absolutely loves when you sing the chorus to her. It's the one thing that is guaranteed to make her giggle no matter how cranky. As soon as you go ""Now watch meee......"", she looks at you and her eyes light up. She especially loves it when you make her do the dance. Won't stop laughing."
"An exploit? That is the dumbest thing ever... no. It's almost mandatory as Thatcher is incredibly OP. "
What's wrong with having the accounts linked?
"Very much "
[removed]
"I have 700 dollars can you build me a pc?

Honestly though I want a gaming pc but i have no idea where to start.

"
"Yeah it was 2011 with the putting-ketchup-in-the-fridge debate.

"
"I do agree - in the example above, it's a subtle, unobtrusive aid that doesn't get in the way of the driving experience. The user is abstracted from most of the over the top (for its day) tech that went into them.

Modern cars have fetishized tech. Some marketer read that millennials like techy things and now cars are jam packed with distracting crap. Touchscreen HVAC controls are probably the most egregious example of this - just give me a damn knob, or a couple of hardware buttons (that preferably don't break off). "
This guy made some serious cash last night
"Agreed, this is the best way to do it. If they're being a jerk as you said, then they don't deserve the courtesy."
[deleted]
"This isn't really applied to neckbeards. "
"We went to the last one at Gamer's Realm. There were a handful of players, but the real benefit was doing mutual playtesting with the other designers."
Kids don't understand grammar these days.
If only there was a sub for this
"What do you do? "
"Yun yung sabi ni ate sales lady. Parang mas malapit daw yung 'feel' dun sa actual display. Saka yung hardness daw titingnan sa tibay. Dapat 9H. "
"Looking into doing an overhaul of my Sony bookshelf speakers and little Pyle home amp.

Really liking the Klipsch RF-52 for some entry level floor standing speakers, confused on the level of importance of amp/receiver with only a pair of $500 speakers.

Am I better off in the long run getting a motiva mini integrated amp, or just grabbing one of the $60 SMSL amps?

Playback is TBD for now, looking into Chromecast audio and Spotify, but I want to play back my flac without my computer being connected."
"IGN ヨシキ
Deposited　Female lv22 Spinda
- Requesting 43 Beldum
- Message : jis33785
- 2 random numbers: 84, 43 
thank you!!! "
"
 Do you teach those ethics to your kid?

"
I think at this point Armada's fox is undisputed best at several matchups.
Confused.  Did the client pay you and you paid the contractor?  Did you get paid a placement fee?
too many colorways
"I was in 4th grade when this happened. Ive never cried as much as i did that night ever in my life. "
I've been asking this question since Moriarty in Fallout 3.
Nap time is the best time
"I have had a similar issue for a while.  I don't get in games - just in video or music.  And it happens regardless of whether the video is streamed or from the hard drive. It happens once every couple of hours and there is only a tiny blip in CPU usage at the same time.  My PC is hooked up to my TV via my 970.

Things I've tried:

1. Reinstalling a bunch of drivers.  I used a driver management program to help.  I had an older network driver that I didn't realise needed updating but that didn't solve my problem - although I saw online it worked for other people.

2. Using /sfc scannow and DISM in the command line to repair my copy of Windows.  It found errors that I ended up patching but it didn't help my sound. Although it helped other people online.

3. Detaching and reattaching cables in my case and reseating the graphics card as it sounds kind of like a short.  This didn't get me anywhere.

If you find a fix let me know.  Right now I'm assuming it's a Windows 10 issue.

Edit:  I have a Gigabyte Gaming 3 motherboard which kind of makes me think the issue is here somehow since that's the only similar component we have.

Editedit:  Are you using the same graphics card output for both the tv and the monitor?  It could be just the one output is dodgy."
"I know you made my friends all dissappear

But everything they cared about is why i'm here"
Welcome to India
Don't forget to make them $pay$ for this PT session as well. Injuring yourself on someones program is expensive when it's a name brand program.
RIP S-Rank Guides :'(
[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/42y36b/american_airlines_did_a_quick_fix/) by /u/gammaplay in /r/pics
Aren't like 90% of gun crimes committed by hand guns anyway?
"Not in order:

Taxi Driver
Se7en
Make Way for Tomorrow
Heat
Once Upon A Time in the West
"
"Awesome! I think that many people just don't understand how damn difficult it is to break a soda addiction, 100% respect for managing it :)

As for the exercise, congrats! I'm limited in my mobility due to back issues, and you are an inspiration to me. Like, I totally envy your lifestyle :) don't give up, you are now one of those people that loads of others want to be like and many folks probably think 'how the eff does she do it?' If your family don't care, they just don't get it that's all. Proud of you mang :)"
MaSoCHisT33 319 Titan
"&gt; you are not being passionate about the issue, you are being a narrowminded, judgemental and extremely rude by insulting and labeling people.

Are you being intolerant of my views and opinions?! According to the laws of modern society you arent allowed to do that! You HAVE to be accepting!"
[deleted]
"I really regret not getting this one. "
"Nice presentation! Really making me feel guilty about the 15 minutes I put into my intro screen haha! "
"I logged onto reddit last night to post a similar cry for help. And then saw you post was almost my exact situation! I have 3 children, I stay home with our 2 year old and watch 2 extra kiddos during the day because we need the money. Trying to go to school part time, but I am at my wits end. I have no good advice for you except to say that you are not alone! Hang in there, it will get better. Having a very attached little one is sooo draining. "
may be the dog also likes that.. :)
"Grilled chicken has low calories and a very high amount of protein.


Example: i had 5 oz for breakfast and it was 232 calories and 44 g protein.    


EDIT: Apparently the grilled chicken option I used in MyFitnessPal had inflated protein figures.  I went to the store and bought more chicken breast and according to the pack, 4oz contains 120 calories and 25g protein.  So my 5 oz serving would have contained 150 calories and 31g protein.   Still an excellent bang of protein for the # of calories.  "
Having quite a bit of fun writing these :))
"The Mark Mangino Snack Bar in the student union should offer gluttonous and gratuitous sized servings of the most unhealthy foods imaginable that it would make state fair and carnival food look healthy.  "
"Not really. At first people believed in the patriotic cause but during the war there were massive strikes and protests in Germany and Austria.

Since it was the first ""industrial"" war with machine guns and chemical warfare soldiers got disillusioned pretty quickly. With all the unprecedented masses of invalids released into a society which didn't really have any care for them the soldiers were probably not too happy with the people sending them to war."
That last line! I love it!
common doffs
"Ability to access activities away from a specific machine. I don't even know what laptop is mine/my wifes anymore. We just sign in, everything's in the cloud or network storage. It doesn't matter. "
"&gt;Who knows? There might be some other shocking usage for this Soul Array!

Is that future plot armor I smell? I think so!"
Is he a superdelegate?
"Losing Cane's is heartbreaking, my prayers go out to you and your family"
"*say my name*

**SAY MY NAME**"
They are part time. I'm only working weekends because of college so I'd have to choose one or the other.
"What would be a more reasonable number for you? And more importantly, what do you think should be cut from the budget?"
"The Ottoman Empire was never going to last forever.  Whenever and however it collapsed would have inevitably lead to destabilization in the area.  The problem is the history/politics/religious divide of the area.  Not whatever country that tries to stabilize the area. 

The area has hundreds of problems added together in a blender.  You've blamed one small ingredient for the end result. "
"Playing Five Tribes taught me that I prefer tactical gaming over deep strategy gaming. It also helped me find out who in my game group preferred strategy or tactics.  I would happily play timed 5 tribes, others in my group less so."
"""Is that a pile of sugar"" *looks behind her*, ""oh I'm sorry, that's just your sweet ass."" Worked for me 3 times."
"&gt; I think you're forgetting the aghs stack dota 1 meta

god bless the OD walking around with +210 int and +3000 hp and mana"
I have no interest in running for political office.
"It's beautiful, you'll love it! "
It's good in its own way but don't get too hyped -- there are things it does and things it doesn't do.
Tell that to a Christian.
"Sounds like identity crisis brought along by the trauma she suffered. I don't know if there's a way to bring the child services thing up without it turning really nuclear really quickly, but she does need to go to therapy.

Whatever happens, the fact that you even consider it might be Deanna that called CPS on your friend shows that you need to take a break from this friendship for a little while. Tell her as much after politely suggesting the therapy."
"**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Philosophy.  I'm finishing up an MA in it and just got tired of all the crap in academia.
"No part of me (you) wants to do the work. "
"The most beautiful thing is how much the students, faculty and teacher loved her, as is clear in the video. I'm so sure her memory will be honoured. She died a hero. I hope she's somewhere great."
Tried porting Arma 2 content to Arma 3 my guess?
Lol no worries
This is exactly what I needed to hear today.
They take place in a 3d world but fighters are always on a 2d plane. You can side step but most people don't consider that true 3d movement.
"/r/theydidthemath "
"Oh, this *wasn't* Trigger Happy TV?  No wonder I didn't think it was funny."
"This one looks pretty easy to do, no need to extract images or anything else"
"Don't be afraid to change it up. If you follow the same routine arms, legs, chest/back etc switch up your days. Also something that helped me when gaining on my upper body (I don't see why it won't work for lower) try descending the weight. Start at your max and lower to your typical starting weight. For example: my max is 100lbs on bench press. I start at 100 and do 5x5 down to 50lbs "
Cat.
"Have my reluctant up vote, now excuse myself while I drink bleach "
"752,635"
"I second Orion, I've never owned a better belt."
if u were a girl with a big ass and tits id be down but sorry no thanks
What a nice guy you are! Up the boats!
"But we're not allowed to document what market meat comes from in the US anymore thanks to some free trade agreements, right?"
"Nah, last time it happened because he was already available to people who had bought LoTV. You can't acquire the hero in game with a purchase while the files are locked away, but they'd already given him to everyone who owned LoTV so they had already acquired him, even if they couldn't select him. "
"The velociprey armor gives 5 slots with torso up. The skills are attack up medium, halve stun, and your 1 psychic decoration away from psychic and 4 points in handicraft(sharpness +1). With the 3 slots from Barbarian outcast it wouldn't be difficult to decorate for attack up xlarge and psychic. But depends on whatever you want to do and what talismans you have."
Salt and Sanctuary is a definite first-day purchase
That sign is perfectly level laying on your stomach and chest .
"If you could train a dog to be a receptionist, wouldn't you? "
Congrats.  You are now her gay male friend and/or therapist.
"Ugh, just watching CNN makes me feel all slimy now. How can they be so obvious in their bias and get away with it? "
Damn Gordon so op
This is lovely! Is there a pattern?
Same for me. But I will say the reason was likely I was playing with my brother-in-law who is completely new to Destiny. He and I were the only two people on our team that was consistently playing rift as rift though. That is saying something :(
"&gt;[**Moroder - Chase (Theme From Midnight Express) (Synthesizer Greatest Vol.1 by Star Inc.) [3:42]**](http://youtu.be/hDRVFedG2Xk)

&gt; [*^Synthesizer ^Hits*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCavS62CV_x6tTTw9ksOOFDw) ^in ^Music

&gt;*^70,251 ^views ^since ^Nov ^2013*

[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)"
"Yup, my 3rd shaman I was like ""Aw dammit - not this shit again""."
"I know what you mean bro. When i had sex with my ex gf I had to use pornhub to get extra stimulation. Luckily she didn't mind. "
"oh god where's the eye bleach

EDIT: http://cdn1.theodysseyonline.com/files/2015/12/06/635850239260399543572446304_hd-pictures-of-cute-cute-puppies.jpg"
"Got it, thanks. 

I need to start doing this"
"I don't know what to say, really. Look at the screen..?"
"Your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags. The tags are [Meta], [Question], [Discussion],[NeedAdvice],[Method],[Advice],[Plan].

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/getdisciplined) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Which pissed off a whole lot of Mad Max nerds. Although, yes, they are folks that needed to eat a lot of sand. But Disney is not George Miller, and they've never been willing to piss off that much of a guaranteed market base."
"For what its worth my commute was relatively flawless. I wish I could go to work at 9:30-10 every day. "
"It's not uncommon for  a T to whirl around and strike at something that touches them feom behind.  This might be a defensive response, but I've aeen other people claim that it's a feesing thing."
"They should have just owned it.  It's getting the message out better than your average boring government PSA. "
"Sure, but we're talking about what's morally okay not what's prudent."
"It started rising for me sometime around season 2, after I enjoyed season 1 but didn't totally love it."
"I won't apologise for daring to have an opinion that's not congruent to your own, and if you have a problem with me disagreeing with you, then you need to take a damn good look at yourself."
I don't have Ten UR on my team. I'm still struggling to farm gohan from the event so I can max his atk before dokkaning him. This is my second time waiting for the event. If they don't extend it I'm going to have to wait another 2 weeks :(
"There must be some confusion.

Have you noticed me not using high time frame zones?"
"1 game, the cup game counts."
Greg Oden.
[removed]
"&gt; https://i.imgur.com/LfSXKBp

any chance there's an ID on these pants?"
Yeah I saw you got downvoted but I don't know why hahaha
"Why not post his entire video (which is amazing) instead of this shitty GIF? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LotLZaDPbXQ
"
"You're close, go a little more white-girl-in-a-sorority and you'll be able to guess it"
"You're a grown man and you talk like a 12 year old.  Sorry that your life is that pathetic.  Actually my 10 year old niece doesn't even talk like you do. 

HUR DUR?  That's all you got?"
Ah the elusive perfect 5/7
How long was it used? Was it powered 24/7? Can you run it through to provide the health of it?
"Unfortunately, this post has been removed. Image and video based submissions are not allowed by /r/technology.

Please try submitting to /r/TechnologyPorn, /r/Pics, /r/Gifs, or another image-based subreddit. Make sure to read the sidebar there! For videos, please try submitting to /r/Videos, /r/Video, /r/Documentaries, or another video-based subreddit.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/technology) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
I got engaged to a non-Muslim guy and the family has gone nuts in a nutshell.
You are way over simplifying felony murder and vicarious liability.  Please do not state that something is a simple legal point and then proceed to give a bad/incorrect overview of a legal doctrine.
"regardless of shitty refs the game was extremely fucking fun to watch, what a nailbiter"
"This is so distinctly Dutch.

HULDE"
[deleted]
"I really underestimated every team in the east except Milwaukee, Washington, and Brooklyn."
Have actual discussion as to what the team should do?
"Is this the ""Service Engine Soon"" like? Not the ""Check Engine"" light?

If so, it's just a mileage thing and can be reset with these instructions: http://www.rangerovers.net/forum/8-range-rover-classic/24142-service-engine-light-reset.html"
"Having a better knowledge of the game could help. I watched your most recent video (1/3/16), you walked into the second item room and said something about Guillotine giving you nothing... Guillotine is a Damage Up and a Tears Up, on top of an orbital. (Which you had just said you wanted because of Gnawed Leaf.)

Also, consider contacting other small content creators and suggest doing a race, or some other kind of multi-person content. This is an easy way to attract new viewers."
"I'm used to counting money and when I count $1 bills (which I count money from arcade games so there's a ton of them) I sit them in stacks of $25. So when I count I count up to 20 then 5 then I set the stack I counted down and start again, so now any time I count anything I find myself stopping and starting over at 1 after I reach 20 of whatever I'm counting. Very annoying."
"But fuck corporations am i right "
"My father is obvious... You can be obvious too. "
"Hahaha!HoHoho! The French really are very, very funny! I guess it is worth it to pay for your life for such a wonderful sense of humor."
"""I've got to return some video tapes.""  "
"I loved it, but I think you need to work on your transitions between scenes. I had to read each transition a few times before I realized they were transitions. Try using a line of ""~"" or maybe write some context before jumping directly into the dialogue of a new scene."
The turbines were seriously fucked after that.
"&gt;i7-3820

Obviously"
I say excel because I have 0 experience with Outlook.
[removed]
Nope!
Well *I* don't say so.  Hundreds of encounters with police entering a house with an armed occupant say so.
"For reference:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Pxc_DkblYo

Its remake from Halo 3's Foundry's 5 Chambers"
"Vikings' sub already had their take on it. 

https://gfycat.com/TameInfiniteIchneumonfly"
"I'm told he was also a star player in those games, even if I can't find any recordings of him playing Kuku"
[Wow](https://youtu.be/6m2WTDp5-Uk).
Hentai Nightmare
"I have scars all over. Most embarrassing ones are the cigarette burn ones on my arms. "
"Only on imgur. I don't know why, but one day all the links had the v at the end. Gifcat  or whatever that site is called doesn't do that.  Maybe it's that I am using Chrome to surf? I am only on reddit when I am either bored at work or I the bathroom so it doesn't bother me that much. If  I was on it  more I might have cause to research a better solution. "
[deleted]
"You could instead get a flash drive, and install the game manually to it.
That is visit the forums/installation, dl 5.54 and the 7.1 patch, and install them to the drive.

This works to an extent, but the game will refuse to run on machines without the proper visual basic updates. Though most school computers should have these I'd think. I dunno it may or may not work. I know it doesn't run on my colleges computers.

Also running off a flashdrive will play rather slowly as USB is much slower than your HDD (usually)"
Drill Sergeant Stebbins. .... I'm already pushing
"This is a troubling sentiment though. Why does Netflix somehow make the images and words you are hearing untrue. Its this sense of shame that we are ignorant idiots getting riled up about a netflix series. But that's irrelevant. Yes, I only know and give a fuck about this because of Netflix. And? 

Is my brain no longer a functioning brain because instead of doing the research myself, I saw the finished product on t.v. I understand the trepidation in believing that the show relays 100% of the story, but it relays enough to show that there is clearly something wrong. And not one piece of info left out meaningfully alters the info left in. 

The fact that this guy is cruel to animals and said he wants to torture people in jail, and that he hit his gf, don't change any of the facts presented in the documentary. "
"Hmmm I feel like trying to enforce that could be chaotic. few ideas tho.... 

1) do multiple threads ""friends Friday: mfp, friends Friday: instagram, friends Friday: twitter"" and ppl can comment on any of then they partake in

2) make each week a different theme.  ""Today is MFP and twitter!""

3) instruct ppl to list all their handles in each Friday post. So like I would put my mfp and my IG handle in my one post. Ppl can feel free to disclose whatever name on whatever platform they are looking for support on. 

I'm thinking #3 is my favorite the more I think about it..."
"Definitely priced higher than initially thought, everything points to that. I was super hyped but I have too much self control to buy it if it is priced to high. I always told my friends I would buy it first day but now not so sure. I predict a price of something like 500 euro"
"I got a hypered Z8 in slot 3

I'd in flair"
do you get the rooted error?
i dont think cosmetic items should be given specials to replace long-standing existing items.
"Stop pitying yourself, you can't improve your self-esteem that way. Go to a gym, do good things for those good people in your life and pick up a hobby. "
"The #1 most important thing about Golden Gate Transit is that you **have to remember to tag off**!

The #2 most important thing about Golden Gate Transit is that they are *not* like AC Transit or Muni. Normally, you board a AC Transit/Muni vehicle, tag on, and find a seat or somewhere to stand. If you board the front and people are paying cash, you ignore them and tag on, then squeeze behind them and find somewhere to locate yourself. This helps everybody because you're not holding up the route waiting your ""turn"" to tag on. On GGT, I've been yelled at by the driver by tagging on and finding a seat while some idiot tourist was trying to figure out how to pay with cash (and they didn't have exact fare). I've also been yelled at for standing (not on the same trip). And not once have I remembered to tag off until *after* the bus is long gone."
how can they know for sure they're gay if they've never been with a guy?
Or you could save some money by buying the R9 390 and then buying Tomb Raider on dlcompare.com
"Action figure. I still love collecting them, but now instead of playing with them, I put them in cool poses and put them on display for the world to see. I love them and I always have. There's just something so awesome about them"
"How could it be allocated in art? They can't even make new items. From how it came off to me at least(in PMs w/ dev who I won't say a name. Dev, not CM), Smed might've taken some stuff with him when he left. That's why art Bill hasn't done shit in awhile. But as of a few months ago, they couldn't make any new items."
"Zankets.

Which I don't regret one bit! Epic sword for a common realm."
"he is so mad,
sick jump."
All I want them to do is acknowledge the bugs so we know they will be fixed. PC got two updates but nothing about the drakon spam. At least acknowledge it. Please vondy
"It doesn't lol, it goes to draynor"
I know now why you put a NSFL in there!
"I assumed this was the dragon's horn that Victarion is carrying.  Not the wall horn. "
"I'm recovering from a dog bite to the thigh. It sucks. Please don't let your dog bite someone again. "
"Down in Northern California too. "
[removed]
Seriously? Do you have a link to an article or something? I can't find anything.
yas! I was hoping for some MANOWAR!
EZPZlemonsquEZ
ok
i was on the royal blue for the nofap war and saw this in a post to continue the war.
"I have been working out for just over a year. I started not being able to bench much more than a bar.

I am Man.

I was on a 4 day split for a couple of months. Now I am on ICF.

I weigh around 185 and I am trying to eat over 80 grams of protein a day. I plan to bulk for the winter.

height, 6.2."
[deleted]
"There will always be new ones from youth teams, reserves and former players. "
[deleted]
Better before default
"dont apologize. thank you for being positive. "
"Being a chef gave me the same habit. "
"And what is, Giggs?"
[This whole sub was in denial](https://m.reddit.com/r/ModernMagic/comments/27mn4k/why_birthing_pod_isnt_getting_banned_in_the/)
They invaded our schools lesbian group despite our pleas to keep it genetic women only. Now we have 3 MtT were stuck with and they make the most inappropriate statements. It's heartbreaking what transgender people are doing to us.
"Meat from Canada and Mexico are both of solid quality and have plenty of regulations governing their production. We wouldn't trade with them if they didn't, for precisely the reasons you identify: if we started importing unregulated meat, people would get sick. As a result, meat from both Canada and Mexico is widely used. If you eat at restaurants, you've eaten meat from one of those countries. Heck, unless you've been *super* diligent about your meat purchasing habits from markets, you've probably cooked meat from one of those countries.

You're fear-mongering for no good reason. You should stop that, and reexamine how you react to news that you don't fully understand."
i do what i want.  have an upvote.
yeah ikr :D
http://imgur.com/2frClF9 Like so?
"He wasn't playing with us, and yeah as others have said, I don't think playing Torres over him was the correct call whatsoever, but he was starting to pick up more frequent injuries at the end of his time with us. If we'd kept him we'd have a perpetually injured striker on our hands. Realistically who's going to pay more than £20-25 million for him if he can't prove he can remain injury free for a decent amount of time."
"The stock usb wire is a nightware. It always disconnects and reconnects literally every 2 seconds when i use it and it makes it impossible to use with the gear vr. Just get a cheap wire to replace it.  "
From the author himself.
"Oh boy, there's a lot. Here are the top 3 though

-Memento
-Usual Suspects
-Good Fellows"
"Hmmm interesting... Not gonna lie I really would like to achieve the bikini bridge though "
[deleted]
I believe florentines are meant to accompany unsweetened coffee or tea. The contrast between sweet bites and bitter sips should tone down both extremes.
Project MU when?
Most people in Uganda speak English (its the first official language) so at least he'd have a fighting chance. But what do the villagers get in exchange for having to babysit Trump for us?
Mortal Kombat. Preferably on Sega Genesis
"between my family and I owning smartphones for the last 5 years or so this is the first time we personally have encountered this issue (we've used Samsung, LG, HTC). i've had 2 lg g4's die 4 days apart, only 5 months after buying. I don't know how common this issue is with other phones, never heard or experienced such an issue. with 2 phones dying 4 days apart i PERSONALLY can tell you that this is a major flaw with this phone specifically. NOW, getting a fucked up phone as a replacement, great. send it in again, get it replaced again. BECAUSE people have nothing better to do then keep getting phones replaced under warranty, possibly losing data each time and having to waste time. I gather it's totally acceptable to you for someone to waste your time. I'm in the other camp. Do you think OP is as peachy about this as you are. Yesterday I had to use a dummy phone with NO GPS during a snowstorm, where i had to reroute myself and get travel info on the go. Since LG screwed me and my gf both over, it was quite a lot of fun. Seems there will be sympathizers no matter how much bad things getting dished out their way. People always defend inexcusable things. LG is totally wrong."
"I main AP Varus and have for years. He's been decent in the past, but with the recent changes to his ult, new itemization, and the tank meta, he's really OP right now. I love it when the enemy chooses Mundo because they are completely worthless even when fed. I instantly burst them no matter how much health they build and they get so frustrated in chat. It's fun to make people rage because their OP champ they're only playing for free elo is completely nullified.

AP Varus is so much stronger than people know, it's ridiculous. The problem is, everyone who tries him plays him completely wrong and never get out of the early game, so they have no idea how good he is (or that he's easily better than AD Varus).

Here's recent games for proof: http://imgur.com/ZG4eata. If anyone wants the details on the correct way to play him, let me know.

The only problem I have is when I play him in ranked, I get flamed if I have your normal bad game, and if I hard carry, I still get flamed if we lose. It's amazing how stupid people can be. I can't tell you how many times my entire team has scores like 2/11 and I'm 14/7 and after the game they actually blame me for their loss because I built AP."
Not enough tech death and black.
"I would too, TBH.  That said, they really should remove ""direct"" scores off of turnovers from the stat sheet:  pick sixes, fumble returns for TD's, etc.  "
Atmos is already present on some regular blu-rays.  I don't know if it will be any different on UHD besides the fact the UHD have more space so they might be able to fit more audio files comfortably.
"I think it's a lot better then people give it credit for, def a bit weak tho."
maybe it is net. no way i am believing wenger spent just 453m since 2006
"Taking my ear stretchers out and smelling them, gross but satisfying at the same time."
"So, unfortunately, since we don't have insurance, we can't afford to pay out of pocket to get her checked out. It seems like we won't be able to do anything concerning her medical. I know we could go to urgent care and they will bill later. But that won't be an actual diagnosis. 

I guess the question I have is what options do we have as far as getting her checked out.

Fortunately both the other drive and I have the same insurance company. 

Thanks again for taking the time to answer my questions."
[deleted]
Question: How do you communicate? Does it use the phone's microphone or did you need to hook up your own earphone/mic?
"Oh baby please. "
Good answer. Thx
"At first I was impressed. But then... 15-24 is an incredibly large span of such a age-focused study. I bet the numbers would be much less impressive, if it was broken down into 3-4 year groups.
"
;o
Go on...
"I'm sorry, how is the Tardigrade theoretical? I mean it [actually exists](http://www.sciencealert.com/the-tardigrade-genome-has-been-sequenced-and-it-has-the-most-foreign-dna-of-any-animal). How is the non-water based membrane theoretical? We've demonstrated that it's more reasonable to believe, given the vast expanse of the universe and the abundance of stardust, that the conditions for life are not exclusive to earth and not exclusive to water.

Now, [I'm not assuming anything about the person requesting proof](https://www.reddit.com/r/DebateReligion/comments/3yvbux/a_lot_of_religious_people_argue_that_the_idea_of/). They've demonstrated plenty of times where [they seems not to understand certain core concepts of science](http://news.yahoo.com/over-half-worlds-primates-brink-extinction-experts-095227180.html). And I would hardly call them my ""opponent"" (that's way too hostile); I'm just providing information that matches up to the criterium of evidence that [they will use themselves.](https://www.reddit.com/r/DebateReligion/comments/3weyeh/do_you_believe_there_is_a_god/)

If they personally requires *more* evidence, they can address it themselves. In the meanwhile, I'm not sure it's your place to try and doubt anything. It's not YOUR standards of evidence I am in any way obligated to meet, but that of /u/akon13."
"What? My work truck and my boss's pickup has a 6.7 Cummins. Did they not have room? Is that one just boosted to hell and back? "
Rainbow six siege please because all muy friends have a copy but me
"like?
"
That's my problem too. Can't stand behind a register for 8 hours
3 days and a lifetime to go! This is the best decision ever!!
"I bought mine off of Amazon. It's a brilliant holster case - rugged because my job is mobile and outdoors. I would highly recommend this case and brand. 

http://www.i-blason.com/iphone-6-prime-dual-layer-holster-case-with-kickstand-and-belt-clip.html"
"I'm in the 1% of people here who doesn't watch NL's videos, so I'm curious as to why people started calling him egg. Did he win a run and realize he had an easter egg on?"
can we please make this the top thread of all time?
"A ton of random shit.

I'll look something up on wikipedia and read an article. I'll see something else interesting linked, so I'll open up a new tab so I can read it next. 2 hours later I've gone from Super Novas to a long dead chinese general to the mating habits of an endangered bird; and every random page in between."
"Well Jodi and the people at HLN know the answer.  I doubt we will find out though.  Why Nancy Grace?  Well, with Jodi's checkered past, she is more likely fodder for a interviewer with an agenda than a more mainstream news outlet.  

That said, given how messed up she was for whatever reasons, I do not begrudge her trying to make some money to get on with her life.  I did not think she was outright lying, just trying to position herself as a victim, which is not what she was IMHO.  If someone was feeding her bullet points and answers, shame on them.  And now Jodi, go out and live a good life so you can redeem yourself with actions rather than words."
"Or another term ""Antifun"" just like rengar, his lvl5 and onwards is hella strong toplane. the ult passive should be removed in general, just like for reksai"
"Well, you can always write notes in English. It's not like there's a rule that you *have* to type them in Japanese or anything. I just write them in Japanese because I'm comfortable with it."
Fucking SRR.
"Shimoneta 

[OP](http://b.1339.cf/zloxvfk.webm) / [ED](http://b.1339.cf/ynxgfml.webm)

Both of them are really lively, fun and over-the-top. The OP does a good job at showcasing the characters and their personalities, and the ED is a fun dance number with the supporting cast."
"And it's the only word that makes sense. I've got a BS in chemical engineering, and it's the only thing I can come up with. Buddy even mentioned the 15:1, which just screamed basic chemistry to me.

Oh well, I'm going to stop worrying about it. If there was an ancient term for this, I don't know it, and he can't find it. I'm happy with stoichiometric ratio myself.

Thank you."
"If I had the time to leave Monotony spinning for hours on end, I would. But, I really only wanted its avatar.  :)"
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Fuck Obama. He will check every box in the 25 year old liberal to do list. "
"That said, in principle he does have something of a point.

http://www.news.cornell.edu/stories/1997/08/us-could-feed-800-million-people-grain-livestock-eat

"
"Obviously not or you wouldn't need shims. We had our machine properly set up at the start and have never had an issue. Buy high quality parts, level the bed, calibrated the x,y and z and don't use 3d printed parts in a 3d printer."
It amazes me how everyone who says that (all 2 of you so far) fail to give examples. hmmmmm
"I think this is stupid.  I have been shitting out code for years on the web and I really don't care if someone uses an idea I've had in their shit.  Its not like a freaking algorithm is the hope diamond.  And if it were - why the hell answer a person's question on SO with it?

This is some lawyer's idea that will have a chilling effect on devs and they will move on to some other exchange.  Welcome to MySpace-land SO.  It was good knowing you.   Say hello to Limewire for me.  "
"Yeah I took a look, and she's legitimately stupid. No question about it."
the Thrawn books. Starts with Heir to the Empire iirc. It's a trilogy by Timothy Zahn and it essentially saved Star Wars.
"You realize how illogical that argument is right? Just because murder/slavery/starvation occurred under circumstances other than capitalism doesn't mean we shouldn't point at those as problems of capitalism. 

What's more there's modern day problems with capitalism, such as the proclivity towards imperialism basically every capitalist nation shows."
Shouldn't you be jerking off to pictures of lifted trucks?
I thought they were made of wool?
"Persistence more than anything.  When they don't stock the fish over the winter it gets tough.  If you can find a stream that gets stocked over the winter that is your better bet.  Or find a year round catch and release.  I am not sure if Duke's creek is a year round stream but it is catch and release only.  Its free but you have to call to reserve a spot.  Call the Smithgall Woods Conservation Area visitors center at (706) 878-2087

As for fishing the streams, the deeper pools hold the most fish but a fish can literally be hiding behind any rock in the stream.  I wear waders and always fish downstream and work the roostertail against the current.  I will sweep it behind and to the right or left of any rocks.  

When you come to a pool, fish it thoroughly.  Start at the ""mouth"" and then work your way further back.  Try the edges and the center.  Only once you've eliminated all sections of the pool, move on.

Another good spot is bends in the stream.  Usually there is a deeper side to the bend. fish that and you may get bit there too.

If you are seeing fish follow and they aren't committing, change flies/colors.

Good luck! "
"Well they're most likely Hawaiian family with a daughter going to the mainland for school. What's a bit more interesting is that it since it's dated September 2005 and that game came out a month later, so did the mom write it a full month before shipping the game to her daughter? "
"If anything, Colorado, Oregon and Washington are incredibly liberal progressive states. Not Libertarian.

Oregon has had euthansia since 1997. All 3 states legalized marijuana far before Canada did (or will do). 

Seattle, Washington is one of the most progressive cities in North America. They have a $15 per hour minimum wage. They have an openly socialist councilwoman. 

Colorado is the only one where you might say they have a hint of Libertarianism because of their sort of open mountain free spirit. "
"I take pride in my neuroticism, even at work! I might seem neurotic but people seem to think I know what I'm doing so I must be doing something right."
Anyone who speaks about a game as an investment is someone who should be ignored. Unbelievable.
Marriage
Thus begins the decline of LoL
I don't think you can be disinterested when you get 44 shots compared to 18 against.
"Nej, efter som vi diskuterar relativ andel, inte totalmängd.

Utan ""massinvandringen"" hade kanske våldtäkterna varit på de lägsta nivåerna på flera årtionden?"
"Id be very grateful for a horse, but the only stuff  could pay you in would be stone or wood "
"Is this really surprising? Hillary is the most moderate candidates in this race on either side, and believed she had the nomination in the bag. The logical move is go right, position yourself better to pick up independents in the general and coast past the primary"
"Hello! I find match tsv egg~!!!! hehe. Thank you very much!

FC = 0920-2058-0424
IGN = 사반 
TSV = 1228
https://www.reddit.com/r/SVExchange/comments/40u5su/1228/


B091,1Volbeat (♂)BoldIlluminate31.31.31.18.31.31Electric1228
"
This whole building credit thing always confuses me a bit. It's to show that you are able to pay things back so they trust you enough for something like a mortgage correct? Shouldn't looking at your savings and your job (opportunities) be the determining factor? How your future financial situation will be seems more important with regards to mortgages than to look If you did pay back that couple of 100 of bucks every few months.
"I figured they weren't going to reveal much of anything, it always seemed like Rod was determined to keep tight lipped about Gears 4 until E3. 

E3 is going to be awesome!"
"I have a cheap ($70) wheel, but even if I were to win a more expensive one, it wouldn't be put to use as much as it would in others homes. Same with the headset TrackIR thing. "
[removed]
"Yeah, but that's the point.  It IS supposed to be weird"
"[](/user/keith_bagley)

Please post any comments or discussion as a reply to this comment.

If posting a cutout, please use the [new cut-out format](/r/cutouts/wiki/index#wiki_flair.3A).

---

**[Vote on Photoshop Battles ""Best of 2015""](https://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/3yekcl?limit=500)**

---

^(Useful subreddits for photoshoppers: /r/cutouts, /r/battleshops, PsB discussion subreddit)

^(Helpful links for this image:) [^Other ^Discussions](https://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/related/4131xx/psbattle_diving_rugby_girl/) ^| [^KarmaDecay](https://karmadecay.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/4131xx/psbattle_diving_rugby_girl/) ^| [^Google ^Image ^Search](https://www.google.com/searchbyimage?&amp;image_url=http://i.imgur.com/qMZ9eQV%2ejpg) 

---

*^(This is an automated response)* [^FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/apicontraptions/wiki/apicontraption_faq) ^| [^Send ^Feedback](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=apicontraption&amp;subject=Feedback ___thingId___&amp;message=[Link to post](https://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/4131xx/psbattle_diving_rugby_girl/\) 'I like feedback')"
"You've been fed a lie by the fitness industry. "
/r/hailcorporate^/s
Ich denke immer gern an meinen Urlaub in Lviv (Lemberg) zurück. Man sieht dass es früher zu Österreich-Ungarn gehört hat.
[*clap clap clap*](http://cdn2.vox-cdn.com/fan_shot_images/351016/6kJxbU3.gif)
Yeah! :D
"This is the obvious solution, why haven't you done this yet???"
"In return for a number of concessions though. Not a perfect outcome, but he did campaign against it for a significant period of time."
"Bilbao usually sets a realistic Buyout clause. Pay it or fuck off. "
The Phantoms aren't real either
"&gt;See you ate SOURCE3J

FTFY"
Who knew using cherry pits as buckshot would be a bad idea?
"Some optimization that is. After playing a different heist, then playing Big Bank again it stopped crashing."
"He is mocking you. You are the joke. "
They sell a double airflow sleeve for the NextGen that opens up both opposite airflow holes.
"Maybe they were there for a few months for work, or were just living there short term. Happens quite often. My girlfriend's brother was born in England, raised in Ireland from when he was one year old with 2 Irish parents. They were just living in England at the time.

Or maybe the parents decide they want to raise the child in their native country. "
"If you don't need the optical drive, take it off and add like a hyper tx3 or similar cpu cooler"
"Remember last year when every single story they did on the GamerGate controversy had the same ""all womynz are victims!!!11!"" slant? What about when they covered the Baden-Clay decision by the QLD Court of Appeals, repeatedly ignoring the pleas from the bar association and the judge himself to look beyond the ""not guilty for murder"" verdict and actually look at the complexities of the reasoning for the decision? What about Charlie Pickering, the left-wing mouthpiece who got a prime-time show? How about Q&amp;A, which shows the most infantile and left-wing tweets at the bottom of the screen week after week after week after week after week.

Every time the ABC covers a social issue or a conscience issue, they lean to the left. Just because they don't explicitly support the Labor Party doesn't mean that they're the perfect picture of balance in the news media that everyone on this sub pretends that they are."
Ohoho look at all that plastic goodness.
"It's what Canada is doing.  Not saying I agree with it but Canada isn't accepting any single men.  Men are only accepted if they're a part of a family unit (wife, children etc)."
"Well of Life is also a good ability to scan synth targets with, aswell as vauban's bastille "
Is that \\/u\\/username?
Dota community has a big inferiority complex with League of Legends... /r/dotamasterrace is the proof.
I got ABQCQLF5HSAW2LZLC7NKPSW.  Thanks.
good morning :)
How unproductive I am at work because of it.
"You could say /r/popping is leaking... but that's kinda the point "
"The horror, why would you ever want this? The best thing about cats is that they aren't as needy/attention seeking as dogs making them great for people who dont have the time (or patience) to have a dog, this defeats the entire point of it!
"
-crosses fingers for birds of prey-
look for the camera
Uninterested girls say no when you ask them out.
"I am so happy right now! Kuroteto being points really warms my heart~ + there is Chiaki, there goes my ot3! I will try to get the points cards w/ an extra of Tetsu since he seems weak imo. 
KnightsP, good luck! I feel so bad for them... When will HE end their suffering?? 

Good luck everyone! "
I'm noticing that everything reminds everyone of 2013 in this sub.
"I feel this is untrue. If there is any situation where a solo q player has to fight 5 premade, it is unfair."
"Lana Ivans

http://www.lanaivansofficial.com/

http://www.freeones.com/html/l_links/Lana_Ivan/"
"I'll give it a try, thanks =)"
They will never understand that.
"&gt;According to CBC, O’Leary is “politically agnostic,” with no stated party preference. But O’Leary ruled out one of Canada’s three major political parties — the New Democratic Party, which is traditionally social democratic.

&gt;“I thought at some point, someone is going to say to me, if you can be such a critic, why don’t you do better? Why don’t you try it? I thought to myself, hmmm, maybe I should.

&gt;“I’m never going to run for the NDP. They don’t even like me.”

To everyone who thinks the the NDP is some how no longer a true left-wing party, and some how like Britain's New Labour, this is proof we're not cause we'd be tripping over ourselves trying to draft him."
DID SOMEONE SAY BOMB?!?!?
"Kids are great. And also when they start walking and talking they're fucking hilarious. They're like reverse drunks. 
They start out not being able to do anything for themselves and sleep most of the time. Then they start sort of crawling and walking. Then they start talking in a vague manner. They start walking better, finally speaking with sense. Until they're pretty much normal sober humans but just making bad decisions. "
"[Here](http://i.imgur.com/h0gdLRj.jpg). I've just redrawn your throwup, the letters still have a slight lean, but I've avoided having them collapse into eachother (your top one is guilty of this). I've also added a gap on the left of the T, so it doesn't get confused with a C or E. With an A M and S/Z in the same place another thing to avoid would be straying too close to AMAZE's throwup."
It is barbaric to condemn them all or resort to violence. They need to be educated in our laws and anyone who cross it gets deported the fuck back
"Nice one, cheers."
"Calling it an invasion is a bit much, no?

Allowing refugees and immigrants into a country isn't inherently bad either, you know.

There's a refugee crisis in Africa, Asia, and the Middle East. What would you say? Fuck 'em? It's not our problem?

&gt; It's suicidal madness, and I'd vote for anyone who would end it

By what means?"
"Let me save you some time and aggravation. If you enjoyed the first movie, don't watch this one."
"I make a noise when I bend over. "
"I'm in a good mood today :

Extract from completed grid = Look in the columns of [YES](/sp)

[Positions -2, 0, 2 (relative to the diagonal) gives THE answer](/sp)

[Or the 3rd, 6th and 9th letter under ""YES""](/sp)

[SMS](/sp)"
You can see the spartan. That's not the sword from the beta.
The above is what you are looking for OP. It was part of a 4 book series sometimes referred to as the Pellinor series. The first book was the Naming
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I've never seen a German vehicle with an OEM remote starter &amp; a quick search shows it's not an option on any recent model. If you were to add in an aftermarket one, you typically have to sacrifice one your keys to be embedded into the starter system to authenticate with the car's security system.

Many German vehicles, however, sometimes have functions to [automatically ventilate the vehicle](http://imgur.com/mQHg2G3). However, since ICE vehicles rely on engine heat to run the heater, this wouldn't be much use in the winter (it's more useful in the summer). (Electric vehicles run an actual heater.)"
"Solidarity burgers around the world. "
"That's good to know, I was gonna save up for some Megan arms but recently got into a fender bender and need to fix all arms and a coil on one side so I ended up saying screw it if that and some new bushings gets me back behind the wheel that'll work for now.
BTW I like those cuscos' great suggestion."
"Imo it was fine playing Budokai Tenkaichi, which looks to have a similar camera mechanic"
[deleted]
"I think buddhism and trp can coexist. Buddhism is all about not giving a Fuck and being self sufficient. Not getting caught up in thoughts and just living in the moment. Not getting attached. Not getting caught up in either desire or fear. Not letting past events affect present situations. Not projecting into the future. Focusing on the senses. Embodying this sort of aware, awake and noncontingent inner world is naturally attractive and comforting. It exudes confidence and strength. "
It looked like she genuinely enjoyed that
[deleted]
"The reason why we should trade DeMarcus Cousins has absolutely nothing to do with his talent. Boogie is a Top-10 talent in the NBA and the most dominating low post presence in the world. He is a borderline superstar that has a unique skill set that nobody else his size can replicate. That's part of the reason why he is so valuable. The reason why you trade him is because this franchise has exhausted nearly all of their resources with him and it's still not working.


People like /u/NightWriter500 are correct when they say that this is the best team we've had in 10 years. I don't think anyone is debating that. The problem is that this team is still not good enough to be a playoff team, yet they can't really improve as currently constructed. The Kings are 16-23 and currently in the 10 seed, but that's only because the top-heavy West has been severely underperforming this year. Teams like the Pelicans, who CRUSHED us at home 2 nights ago, have been absolutely devastated by injury this season but are only a few games behind us. Denver has been playing better than the Kings lately (they beat the Warriors!!! With Steph!). We just beat the Jazz, who are currently the 8 seed despite missing their starting Center for well over a month! Many of these teams have had very weak starts and we're still 2 games out of the currently de-valued 8 seed. We're not even a lock to get the 10 seed, let alone the 8 or 6.


The only way this team can improve this season is by making a trade, but the only real tradable assets we have are Boogie, Rondo, and Rudy Gay. Casspi, Collison, and WCS are assets as well, albeit much less valuable than the big 3, but they are all so cheap it would be tough to improve on their value. The team doesn't have any picks to trade, either! We can only trade a pick after the lottery is set, and that's only if it's a Top-10 pick (11 or lower goes to Chicago). We only have a 2nd Round pick this year other than the lottery pick, but it's the Spurs pick so it's not worth much. We traded our 2016 2nd rounder away.


If you're working under the assumption that we should build around Boogie and Rondo, and we have to get better right now, you gotta trade Rudy Gay. He's the only real asset we have that isn't necessary in the Boogie-Rondo relationship. We could flip Rudy for a young potential star, or some picks, or whatever, but it would be difficult to trade him for somebody that immediately makes us better. If they can use Rudy to upgrade the team right away they should pull the trigger.


But there's a catch! Rudy and Rondo are best friends. The whole reason Rondo came here to reconcile his career was because he wanted to play with Boogie and Rudy. If you trade Rudy away in Rondo's first season, he's probably not going to be very happy. It could have a big effect on whether he re-signs with the Kings this summer or not…


The other way we could improve would be to make some big splashes in Free Agency. The Kings have a lot of cap space this summer and have enough available to sign a max player! That sounds pretty awesome to me. We could go sign LeBron, or Kevin Durant! That would be awesome with Boogie and Rondo!


The problem is Rondo is the highest profile free agent we have ever signed. Ever. The previous ""biggest free agent"" is our GM now, and he wasn't exactly an All-NBA guy at the time if you catch my drift. The point is big name free agents have never targeted Sacramento, and they usually don't go to the smaller markets at all. They never have. Free Agency has never been particularly successful in Sacramento. I hope that changes someday, but I'm not going to bank the future of the franchise on it. 


If the Kings do make the playoffs somehow, where do they go from there? Even if we re-sign Rondo, what then? We can go for Ryan Anderson or somebody similar, and I think we should, but what problems does any of that solve? It's certainly not going to make us better defensively. We would need to do a lot of work and bring in some real talent in the off-season to improve this team defensively AND offensively. On top of that, we don't have a 1st round pick to supplement that.


Unlike a team like the Nuggets or the TimberWolves, the future does not look bright for the Kings. Even if we keep Boogie, his contract expires after 2017/18. Rudy expires after next season, and he has a player option for 2017/18. Even if we re-sign Rondo, there's a chance we could lose Boogie and Rudy after 2 seasons (just think about how much Boogie's contract is going to be 3 summers from now).


We also have traded away nearly all of our picks for the next 3 or 4 years, making it infinitely harder to rebuild if this doesn't go according to plan. Our 2016 pick is only Top-10 protected, and even if we move into the Top-3 Philly has potential swap rights. Philly has swap rights in 2017, then our 2018 pick goes to Philly as well (Top-10 protected, then if not conveyed in 2018 becomes an unprotected 2019 pick). That puts us in a position to lose our best player, get back in the lottery, and have no pick. Absolutely fucked.


We are in this position as a franchise because of a decade of half measures and terrible decision making. The Maloofs left such a big batch of stank inside of Sleep Train Arena that it still hasn't completely aired out. Years of poor draft picks and bad trades leaves us with very few options. We can either:


A: Continue to forge on building around Cousins, who is now in his 6th NBA season, and hope that we figure it out in the next season or 2. This means we would have to use our arsenal of No Draft Picks, Rudy Gay, potentially Future Rajon Rondo, and our misfit cast of role players and bench warmers to go out and find ourselves a perennial contender that can compete with the likes of Golden State and San Antonio. That way we keep winning, keep Cousins happy, and he chooses to re-sign with the Kings and we all live happily ever after with rings and such.

Or

B: We abandon this experiment and start over. For real this time. 


We have a team that is built around a big man who dominates in the low post, and we play a style that forces him to run the floor and play outside of the low post. That doesn't make any sense. The guy has a smooth looking jumper but he isn't exactly a sharpshooter. You guys mention that he shoots 33.6% from 3's (which is just barely good enough to not be terrible) but he only takes wide-open 3's!! That is not a guy that should be taking 4 of them per game! He's so much more valuable in the post it's retarded for him to take anything but the rare, blatantly wide open 3. If you want a stretch-4, go get a stretch-4! Why take a 5 that is dominant within 3 feet of the rim and try to turn him into a stretch-4? If the Kings want Karl to be the coach, and they want to play a fast game that involves a Stretch-4, quit playing around with Cousins and build the team you want. It really is that simple.


Cousins is one of the biggest pieces of trade bait in the NBA. He would command an absolute haul no matter how you package him. Rondo and Rudy offer a great deal of value as well, especially if the cards turn out right and we find contenders with assets at the trade deadline that need either of their services. 


If you package our big 3 correctly, the Kings can find themselves in a situation where they can bring in multiple talented young players, that fit into the style of basketball that the Kings want to play, that can learn and grow under Karl the way he wants them to. Stop trying to mess around with a mercurial superstar that clashes with the philosophy of the team and it's coach, and use that asset to go build the team you want. 


The Kings could also wind up with multiple 1st round picks, depending on the kind of deal they want. For example Boston and Denver each have multiple 1st round picks in the upcoming draft and multiple talented young players to add in to a potential trade.


Say what you want about the variance of the draft and our experience as Kings fans. Nobody knows more about the Kings and their terrible draft experiences than I do. The truth is that the draft is the most valuable tool available to strengthen the future of a franchise, especially for small-market franchises. The best teams in the NBA are created through the draft. The Warriors drafted 4 out their 5 starters, 3 of whom the Kings passed on first! Steph Curry, Klay Thompson, and Harrison Barnes were all available when we picked, and we ended up drafting Tyreke Evans, Jimmer Fredette, and Thomas Robinson... The Kings could literally be the Warriors right now. The Spurs also drafted their 4 best players, including 2 lockdown Hall of Fame players and 2 more with potential. The Thunder drafted Durant and Westbrook in back to back years, as well as Serge Ibaka! All of the talent comes through the draft. If you scout well, have a vision in mind of where you want to be, then draft well, you will be successful. There are several players in the upcoming lottery that show some real star potential. If you give me the option of slowly watching this franchise die while trying to fit a round peg in a square hole, or watching Ben Simmons and Brandon Ingram grow into superstars, I'm going to go with the latter. At least you can grow the team the way you want it that way while maintaining some assets.


The point of it all is that even if things go much better than expected for the Kings, their ceiling is very low as currently constructed. The only way they can improve is to trade away assets or sign them in Free Agency. The safest bet moving forward is to use the assets that we have available to us, primarily DeMarcus Cousins, to do a FULL REBUILD, the right way, and build the team that they want to compete with. Quit trying to make it work with spare parts, and use what you have to go get what you want."
"Adultery? Kill the girl they raped. 

Great idea!"
"It would be the most powerful one-handed weapon in the game which would make it the go-to weapon of all adventurers and military forces that use that style.

If you are okay with that then go ahead and do it - an extra 0.5 damage per attack won't really hurt things too much but I would recommend making a bunch of 2D4 1h weapons just to keep armaments somewhat diverse (Or just beef up the existing weapons in the game to 2D4)."
You got quite good shows and got me into Crime shows because of The Bill.
"...

Sooo...

Do you require like... a special invitation?"
"Just add a ""no thanks"" and keep walking. "
[deleted]
"Ah cool, didn't know about that."
Boma Ye
"Depends how you define ""minor"".  Big tax increases or 30% reductions in benefits aren't minor.   If it was minor, congress would have reformed ss years ago.  This year ss is contributing $77 billion to the national debt."
That was a shit joke mate.
"Lmao fr why he do that "
"I don't know what you think you mean by that. Give it another go, Cletus."
"This got a legit ""awww"" from me. :}"
Crime against nature?
"i think i could send send you the plans for a remote firing system "
Eragon universe wins EZPZ. We have no defense against instant kill death words because we have no magic of our own.
"They'd get to both eventually, but sometimes they start with the 15"" and only do the 13"" later. That's how it was with the first unibody Macbook Pro, for example. "
"Yes.  Just search for Mayron.  That's her ""name""."
"There's a grey area there but technically yeah that's true. I'm not in favor of a more invasive AC, but it's not 2 simple options. 

It's not simply;

1) More invasive AC

2) Not a more invasive AC

there's so many factors to what it would actually entail that without even knowing what they *would* do to create one, or what it would involve it's pretty hard to justify with ""yeah i mean that'd be fine"".

On top of that a lot of people think ""i have nothing to hide so i don't care"" are completely missing the point anyways. It's not about whether or not we have something to hide but more along  the lines of the balance between privacy and security can be severely damaging if too far in one direction. That applies to anything, especially when it's relating to online aspects of your life because most people don't keep everything in a lockbox exclusively. 

Really though, with how they have VAC now there's nothing they could truly do to improve it. They'd have to completely rewrite their approach."
A pager?
"/r/theydidthemath
"
"OH WE'RE FINDING OUT ON RAW?! 


Thanks Maggle, I was just about to flip over to The Biggest Loser just in case."
"I can tell you they definitely can't.  They can see your quickchats, but that's it.  "
You're England in an islands game. That should be plenty of boats to slaughter them all at once.
Overly happy and bubbly people. I don't know why but they just really put me off. They seem fake and their happiness seems forced most of the time to me.
lydsexic?
You better be.
what if it's done by a clown?
but what about Goattroppolo?
"This marriage is doomed. But even then, Lucifer is an awesome marriage-crasher "
"'Cause Google Drive is evil

jk we used it for like 1 second and that's all"
It is a private party
"Honoka from Suzuka
"
I have those!! They're super cute :D
"RemindMe! 4 days ""I wonder if I'm on this list."""
"I haven't had any issues but like u/palewiz I treat the entire tank volume with Prime. You also have to keep a close watch on the temperature as you're filling but other than that it works great. "
"The Orphanage

"
"This moderating is awful. They know this is a big deal and they're going all out in trying to discredit him. 

If they ask Hilary similar questions then I guess it'd be fair, but so far this seems like they're smearing him. "
I thought it was a Knight taking a dive Noble Sacrifice style.
yeah dude i agree hes dumb
"We will always have to have wet lab confirmation. No matter how good a simulation is, what we get out of it is a hypothesis. It might be one of the best hypotheses we can come up with, but without experimental proof we can't get past that hurdle. This isn't just semantics either, because thanks to how complicated and freaking demented biology can be, we never know everything about a system."
"because eit make aiming as precis as a touchscreen would be and that I remember lifting and re-positioning my mouse quite often in that game.. but a track-pad is so easy to lift your finger and re-position your tracking point.

I to played years later on my windows 7 touch laptop.. with a stylus! haha"
[deleted]
"Thanks for the quick reply, I'm also using the shield tv so if you need anything tested just let me know. "
[deleted]
The Roman Empires side!!!
Why do you need displayport?
"awwww Thank you!!! :-) You guys are really making me smile tonight. "
"I personally love the maps. Except Breach, fuck Breach. "
"This will get buried but my great uncle was in the secret service. I have a moon statue given to people who were present during the launch to the moon. Also, he was with JFKs children when he was assassinated. "
"That drive &amp; dish from Johnson was awesome. 4/5 Oakland guys were across half court when Johnson crossed midcourt, and he just jetted past them all.

Felder is absurd, this is a great game so far"
"0

lurn tu wayle"
"That whiny bs is what is ruining this country. (assuming you are from america, if not dont ruin your country either)
"
"So hard to watch. "
"Can I be added to the meetup group?! Never seen an EPIC show!

Also noob question, how long does Prydz play? I see it starts at 9pm but when does he come on/finish? Maybe the people who saw EPIC 3.0 can help! :)
"
I like it when opposing athletes are nice to each other
"Yeah, what's-his-name...and...the kicking dude...and that other guy...  

That's the great thing about college hoops. You feel like you really get to know the guys, see them grow up and mature in the four years...or...y'know...six months...or whatever...that they're there...  "
"Blaine was specifically asked what he saw coming home, and he said he saw Steven putting a plastic bag in a burn barrel.  Then he was asked if he saw anything else while walking home that day, and he said no.  OK, they didn't specifically say ""Did you see Teresa?"", but I'd include her taking photos in the category of ""*anything* else"".

If you want to get into the specifics of the bus driver's testimony, I think it's hard to argue that she wasn't a very convincing witness.  She doesn't remember what time she'd start work.  She doesn't remember what time she'd pick up the middle &amp; high school students.  She doesn't remember what day of the week she saw a woman taking pictures.  She doesn't remember what day she called the police about it.  She doesn't remember who she talked to.  She doesn't remember what the woman was wearing.  She doesn't remember how close she was.  She doesn't know what vehicles were being photographed.  Honestly, I'm surprised you're bringing her testimony up, since she flat-out says it could've been a different day or the week before that she saw a photographer there.  I just don't see her as more reliable than everything else we know that contradicts her.  And the propane driver basically spends his whole testimony insisting he has no clue if it was Teresa's vehicle or not.  

So we have Steven, Blaine, Brendan, Bobby, and Teresa's own phone call with Auto Trader all putting Teresa there before 3pm.  Then we have a woman who can't even confirm what date she's thinking of, and a guy who's insisting he doesn't know if he saw Teresa's car or not.  Is it really that weird to believe the pre-3pm time frame?"
The manual only tells me how with a wired setup. My computer doesn't even have an ethernet port.
"Not necessarily. Lots of people dress as their role models for Halloween. Cartman was probably doing the same. "
"Like others suggested, you should visit some churches. Your friend's is a good place to start, since you will at least know someone there and they can walk you through it. 

Otherwise, before trying a new Church, see if they have a website. Many Churches' websites have a sections like ""statement of faith"" and ""what to expect"". These will give you an indication of what the Church believes and how they worship. It also gives you practical information like: how to dress, directions, and service times. Once you're there, ask the Leader, or whoever comes up to you what ever questions you may have about Christianity.  

Before visiting, you could also email the Church. Ask them whatever questions you might have. Doing this might avoid many potential problems."
[deleted]
THEY GAVE IT TO US GOOD GOAL WOOHOO
"Oh come on man, there are plenty of rational people on /h/"
"I offered too but he wouldn't take anything. It was about 10:30 at night, I don't have any family close by, and AAA would have taken 2 hours. He asked me to grab the spare and handed me everything he had in his pockets and threw that thing on there in about 3 minutes. I was SO thankful. 

It also taught me that I should clean out my trunk more often just in case my tire blows and I need to get at the spare and there's a nice stranger watching me throw a bunch of crap in my back seat. :( "
"You're officially the Sultanate of Granada. Granada took over Morocco and got kicked out of Iberia, so it's still Granada. Ist weird."
"Is it bad that I'd kinda like to see Kroenke's team play second-fiddle in their own stadium? And as a bonus, Kroenke would never even go to his own complex due to his fear of Raider fans"
"I wonder if he knows that not guilty verdicts can be appealed in Canada "
"I'd love to know why either of you think he was talking about anything but the present tense. "
Good music.
[removed]
"What's the point of the challenge if they get the call wrong? That was definitely offsides. "
"Either one works I think. They both have a usb port on the top that you can use for traktor. Which is what RL is using I believe. "
"I was woken one August morning in 1978 after a fellow RA put the recently shed carapace of his pet Tarantula on my face. And then left my dorm room , quietly closed the door , and started giggling in the hall.

I opened my eyes to see and then feel this huge fuck off spider sitting on my face. I closed my eyes, reached out my hand, and swept the spider off my face. Then leapt up and began screaming. And the merry prankster just started laughing his ass off. I was too freaked out to get pissed , and started laughing as well. And then I asked ... How the fuck ?

This crazy fucker had entered my locked suite which had only me in it (2 week training before move in for everyone else ), then my locked room. How ? By climbing out his window on the 3rd floor and in my open window on the 6th floor , after free climbing the side of the building to get there. 70+ feet in the air.

Bill , you are and probably still are one epic motherfucker."
"""And as we wind on down the road

Our shadows taller than our souls

There walks a lady we all know

Who shines white light and wants to show

How everything still turns to gold

And if you listen very hard

The tune will come to you at last

When all is one and one is all

To be a rock and not to roll"" "
http://i.imgur.com/DwWEApW.jpg
http://money.cnn.com/2015/06/26/technology/microsoft-windows-xp-navy-contract/
Yeah - don't be put off a film by a random dick comment on the internet
Becca's the hottest chick there so it's unfortunate that she's so boring
Suck it Claude! (Julien that is)
$15 to bernie for Cuomo being a shithead and demanding a yes or no to a loaded question in a town hall event. Good thing he's nailing his answers anyway!
agreed. eating a pound of cheese is just something I cant stomach.
"&gt; There's really no friendly way to shoot a person.

And so the saying goes: you never point a gun at something you don't mean to kill [because you're quite liable to do just that]."
"It doesnt work for some people. For others its the only solution. Like for me, I have major depressive disorder. That is, my depression is not tied to anything. Its the default state, regardless of anything else going on. Good or bad, my depression persists.

Of course I don't take medicine due to side effects which are much worse than depression for me. That just means I have to learn to live this way. But it helps others with this disorder."
Goodnight sweet prince
I get this exact same error. is there a solution to this?
"I agree. The AI was amazing for such an early game. Revolutionary, I'd say. There were times I felt like I was playing against humans."
Don't stop now baby doll gorgeous body
"Save your breath; every time I've said the same thing I get nothing but brickabats from the folks who insist they speak for the market and know more than Apple's staff about what the market will bear. "
"word. what you play them on? "
"Not at all. "
It's funny that people would rather be lied to.
*drink*
Applies to the program and the picture.
"Did anybody else love when Cat Grant said, ""That's all."" in the conference room? It's totally a reference to The Devil Wears Prada."
"&gt; What is so wrong with beautiful language? What is wrong with things sometimes being a tiny bit difficult to understand? 

There's a straightforwardness to the Message that I like. No, it's not poetry, and neither is it Shakespeare. But sometimes it just tells you the story, and that's what you need. 

I went to a Catholic school overseas where the kids didn't give a single crap about Shakespeare, so I don't imagine the traditional language of the Bible did much for them. But I would guess that if you gave them the Message, they would find that a lot easier to follow than even the NIV. (And I say that as the only person from my class to graduate with an English major.)"
posts like this are why i'm ashamed to be a wow player
Truth.
Hey its me ur tom
"Holy hell, I haven't seen that joke in YEAAAARRRRRSSSS. I thought the Bungie community was gone, but I guess not!"
"*He walks over with fire in his eyes.*

You busy?"
"This submission has been automatically removed due to a title formatting issue. But **don't fret!** You can resubmit, keeping in mind:

For subreddit cleanliness and search feature use, **The (year) tag in submission titles is required.** 
Please format your title thus : **DocumentaryTitle (year) - ""optional description""** 

Our sincere apologies for any inconvenience this has caused, and thank you very much for your contribution to the community!

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Documentaries) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
&lt;3
"Bernie's doing a pretty good job. The moderator on the other hand is doing a clown job. ""Era of big government"" just sounds like Red Scare propaganda and after explaining how he will save money for Americans he is hit with this lowball response. I hope Hilary gets some tough questions, maybe something about her speaking fees, but overall I think he's doing a very good job and I think that going first could actually help him out. I think some viewers are gonna get bored of this format and turn off their T.V before Hilary comes on at 10 or 10:30 eastern."
"That's one of the things I like about it the most. If I'm sequencing a bassline on the BSII or something I like to assign an lfo to note length and another to note velocity. That way it creates some movement and keeps things fraaiiisheeee

"
no you dont.
"I do all of my FFL transfers threw a buddy of mine who runs a FFL shop out of his house, he has no overhead and sells guns for 15-20% less that any local brick and mortar shop because of this. Word of mouth is EVERYTHING for him and FFL transfers and AR parts/lowers are his bread and butter.

He started it as a side gig but is so popular now that its his full time job."
"My mom-in-law just asked my wife, ""Does she represent you?""

My wife said ""Hell no!"""
But Marchand is literally Hitler
Yed
RIP Barons and Blazers
Refs that is how
I'll take 20
Let's hope Aldo's burger joint does well.
"I believe they're too busy being played (again) by Russia in the Nogorno-Karabakh dilemna. But of course they're not aware of what's going on, they just see it as omg azeri inspired by ottoman genocide genes."
A Meme is the Mom of an idea.  Comes from some old laguage word for Mother.
"If you're legally required to do something, doing that something will never be worth a damn."
[deleted]
Don't forget the bee swarms
"Hey. I'm in GMT -5 and am looking for, what would be for me, a late night game. 

I've played in a few 3.5 and pathfinder campaigns and ran several pathfinder and 4e games. I'm new to 5e but from what I've seen so far I should have no trouble picking up the rest.

Your sunday night would be my early sunday morning which works great for me. Let me know if you have room!"
Blockchain is a general concept that requires a further quantification to implement anything.
"Yep, I think he did it a couple times."
"Sounds perfect. 

Busy on my end, but I can't complain. Go Nuggets!"
"I don't understand. Why were Lunara and Greymane so bad as releases? They seemed alright to me. "
"please let me know by the morning, or i'll have to pass the roman holiday on to another person who's interested, thanks!"
And it's impossible that the methods used to determine merit could be biased. /s
"Thank you for clarifying this. This issue has been confusing me for a while, as I've heard conflicting info-- ""You can only have 3 per account"" and ""you can only have one account"" vs ""create as many as you want.""

But you can have as many ""author central"" accounts as you want, as long as they're different emails? "
THE VIDEO IS GONEEE
almost there buddy.
Holy shit he's still alive: https://youtu.be/x4c_wI6kQyE
Comedy gold
"I will not kill you, but I will kill your favorite Fire Embelem unit."
"I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/ww2] [TankFist 60, X-post from r\/Militariacollecting!](https://np.reddit.com/r/ww2/comments/42pabd/tankfist_60_xpost_from_rmilitariacollecting/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)"
I'm neutral on this one.
"Cisco Technical Support, VMWARE Watchlist"
"This is all very vague, but you can start with knowing that having to ask these sorts of questions is not normal. *Something* is making you feel this way. If you aren't in school, are you working? Sometimes employers have a mental health program where you can call and talk to an advice person anonymously. This is how I initially started getting help."
[deleted]
"I had to drop to part time status, so I'm in three classes two days a week. It's taking me three years to complete a two year program, and it isn't even what I'd rather be doing. I'm seeing a counsellor at school, but not till next week. I've always wanted to try channeling my feelings into my work, but it's just another thing that gets put off :/

I'm trying to focus on self care too, which is harder than it should be. I guess that makes sense though, I don't always care about myself."
"Yet another Korean with one of their ugly ass pre approved hair cuts.  You don't need to make a face to look ugly.  You are naturally very off putting.  I would recommend you feed yourself to cattle. "
"My point is that if you're against guns then be against guns, not just in favor of the government solely owning them. "
[deleted]
"""NOOOOOO--THE CARDINALS WON THE WORLD SERIES!!!! **NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**!"""
"For playing video games in eighth grade. I didn't understand it, I just liked video games. "
Im not into that no matter how hot she is.
"I feel like if any villian would be magneto it would be Cell.

And for prof x, Roshi fits the bill as the mentor type but I worry about what Roshi would do with mind control"
Mike Hawk
"ok.. i just thought they seemed dead during the aj/jericho match and the entrances but they seem to be more vocal now i guess. was just odd after last nights huge pops for everything with aj "
To be honest? My and my roommate are fairly lazy and the roll just sits on top of the old empty roll not actually on the holder...it's a bit sad haha
Do me ;)
Googlr translate doesn't work for this ? Just curious.
"Don't mind the small details! "
what you say???
"&gt; Sometimes for formal events, it is expected you bring a date, and if you don't have a significant other or they aren't available, you bring a friend. That was my experience anyways.

Yeah, same here as a frat brother. Sometimes you just wanted someone along with you, especially for balls/formals. I'd probably balk at someone in a relationship, but we also didn't have a huge need to have a date. I could see some greek life culture that would require that."
It's a Sony TA-AV601
"Oh god, I could definitely find a use for this word in my stories somewhere. That's way too good."
"I'm 5'6 and my dick is 4.5 long x 4.1 girth. But yeah I'd take two inches of my height for 2 inches added to my girth n length. "
"I'll get the obvious out of the way. What will you do if you win? "
[deleted]
"I do cardio and core on Wednesdays. I have no set limit on the cardio, due to my asthma issues, but my goal is to keep my HR around 150-170 for 20 minutes, which I always seem to do. As I said, I'm getting ready to start this diet (I've had success before) and go from there. I have a good workout regimen, so I'm in shape. I'm 22.3 BMI, so ""normal"" range. I'm going to do progress pics as months go by. "
"I call band name. "
"Unsubscribing, thanks for nothing."
"&gt; What vegetable is your favorite? 

I love my greens. Broccoli, spinach, brussels sprouts.

&gt; What one would you rather die before eating?

I can't think of one vegetable I don't love, honestly."
[removed]
This is actually adorable omg.
"Turkey gets lots of shit for supposedly being an Islamist sharia state from the ""Secular Syria"" crowd"
Are you really comfortable helping me pick out sexy nightwear?
Zidane seems to have this managing bit down.
"Just like how the Crab nebula looks like seagull barf, vulture poop and Milk of Magnesia in an acidic stomach all at the same time. "
"You know, that author says his stigma of being a bumbling idiot was a combination of media cherry picking his stumblings and the fact that he liked to speak like an average Joe Texan, but anybody that remembers listening to his speeches know that's disingenuous.  He really did speak like a bumbling idiot and it sounded 100% genuine.  He spoke exactly like all the truely dumb people I know.

So either he really wasnt as smart as this author is postulating, or had some sort of speech/learning impediment, or he was so smart that he was able to maintain this bumbling idiot character while being brilliant behind the scenes.

Usually in life the simplest answer is the correct one, and I'd be more apt to believe that he wasnt very smart in a traditional sense and this author was possibly a bad judge of character.  Even if he tested high IQ, there's shortcomings in many/all IQ tests."
"As of the finale of SGU, [O'Neill was still on active duty.](/sgu) Mitchell took over because [O'Neill was promoted to Brigadier General and given command of the SGC in Season 8. He later was promoted to Lieutenant General and reassigned to Homeworld Command at the Pentagon after Hammond died.](/sg1)"
"Not to preach, but if anybody wants to go to a National Park to pick up trash, look around your local community first. It's the same concept and a good excuse to go out for an hour long walk at home. It's a never ending battle, but people do notice and appreciate the effort and you may inspire a few people to make similar efforts to keep this country clean."
"Byakuya required a Bankai and Hollowfication to defeat and is arguably at the same level as Zaraki if not less powerful but more skilled.

Ichigo could not have won had it not been for Soul Societies favorite son. Yhwach or the fraction of him masquerading as OMZ, sounds like plot armor.


"
Because if somebody else wins as well you don't make money. Plus i don't think they allow this.
"Hi! Me and a friend both 17 are planning to get tickets! We are from Ireland and will be travelling into Brussels airport on the 21st July 
Feel free to give me a shout back! 
Declan"
Bakasura T2 skin. Great to have the skin before the god is released!
That's meth
Ah gotcha haha
"Jesus christ, kids can't tell this wasn't animated in 1927!? "
It depends on how fast you are running.
nah i made all the instruments. thanks for the feedback!
"Well, technically they're not in my possession anymore cause I lost them somewhere around the house, but a pair of Nike Elite socks that my girlfriend bought me as a gift for our 1 month anniversary. We're  currently on the rocks  as her best friend wants to date her and is trying to take her from me. :("
"Ayy. I've seen a few of them homie.  Props and thanks for the Help "
wat. no.
Fucking comic sans? Really?
"The MMO aspects haven't been implemented yet, however to the best of my knowledge the game will be a persistent world MMO similar in style to Planetside but with Tyranid PVE encounters as well."
"Might be cool, but similar effects can be reached through diet and wouldn't require excess antibiotics use."
"Haha that's a good effort but your right I look very high! Could I maybe send you a better picture of my eyes and maybe that will work better? "
"Oh wow, then I suppose I am wrong then. "
"When do they post who faces who? "
"She just does it *every time*. This is a **true** story, stupid as it sounds.

She came into my room and asked if I had AA batteries for the TV remote. I said that the tv remote takes AAA. She said ""No, AA, the smaller ones"". I say ""no, smaller ones are AAA, AA are the bigger ones"".

She **literally screamed** ""NO THEY AREN'T"". Nothing other than what I have typed was said and she started screaming. I told her to calm the fuck down and get the hell out of my room. She went on this screaming fit of ""JUST ACCEPT YOU'RE WRONG, YOU ALWAYS HAVE TO BE RIGHT"" ad nauseum. So I grabbed a AA battery and showed her the fucking label and she *turned her head away to not look at it* while ranting about the same thing."
I wasn't sure if somebody knew where they could be found for cheaper. Thanks for your recommendation though.
Vote
ketamine is wonderful
"When I use to call out my dad on smoking pot he would just say it's his "" special tobacco""....wasn't until I started smoking myself I realized he was full of shit.
"
[removed]
Welcome to /r/daddit!
"If you buy from them, give The Devil's Fruit and Nemo a try. They're honestly great tasting!"
[Depends whether they won.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glorious_Revolution)
"Ah, but my issue with the show isn't those relationships between friends at all. It's that they seem hell-bent on bringing to the fore the romantic undertones from the first couple of seasons. Which wouldn't usually be a problem, except that they're overdoing it. 

From a quick count in my head of 13 major or primary recurring characters, I can think of:

* 5 explicitly mentioned and at least one possible one-sided romance;
* A love that seems to be mutual but as yet unrealized; and 
* What's more, 2 of the former are of the creepy-bordering-on-unhealthy obsession variety that are an essential part of every romcom.

Of course, nearly all of these were brought up in S1/2, but those focused more on the humor (as you rightly said) and 2 major potential relationships. Now, on the other hand, it seems like they're trying to get into all these crushes and romances for realsies, but again, they seem a bit forced, with more pandering to ""moe"" than character evolution in mind, and consequently the humor has taken a backseat, the interpersonal relationships feel spread too thin.

As a quick example, the sisters of 2 of the main characters have gone from having little presence to providing yet more pairing fodder. It's almost like they think characters that don't fulfill that role are wasted.

If they keep taking the show in this direction, I dread the ridiculously tangled web of love polygons that might result. "
Funny *and* original!
[deleted]
"I see rap vs. country music as a cool little case study, possibly involving racism, contrarianism, and hypcorisy. Rap is widely hated by suburban America because ""all they (black people) rap about are girls and drugs"". However, they love listening to country, which, in my experience, is commonly about girls and alcohol (also a drug).

Then on the other hand you have people who love rap hating country for the same reasons people give for why they hate rap. I'd argue that rap is a lot more original than country, and country definitely isn't my type of music, but I'm never gonna hate on country, if someone likes country music it's not my place to tell them that their taste is inferior to mine. Honestly, there are quite a few modern country music songs that are extremely catchy.

However, in rap there are plenty of artists experimenting with sounds and being socially conscious while still selling well (Kendrick, J Cole, Kanye, and plenty more). I'm not into the country music scene so maybe I'm wrong, but I haven't ever seen a socially conscious popular country album, unless you consider songs about how we should bomb the Middle East as being socially conscious, which is quite possible. I'm not saying that talking about ""real issues"" is what makes a genre of music better than another, I just find it funny that rap is the genre seen as only talking about money, girls, drugs, and materialistic things, when in reality it seems that country music is closer to that stereotype."
[deleted]
Woo Hoo!! Winning!!
"*Yawnnnnn*  
You're boring me."
"&gt;What about a place like japan? or most east/se asian countries?

I'm curious as to why you think those places have a high carb diet.

Japan's diet usually has rice, but also fish (all protein and fat) and high-fiber, low carb vegetables.  There's even a phrase used there (I forget exactly the wording) that comes down to explaining the ratio of side vegetables to rice as 3 to 1.

&gt;When you're talking about industrialization you could just as easily be talking about the introduction of mass produced convenience and junk foods, taking the place of traditional carbohydrate sources.

I invite you to test this theory yourself.  Go try to live on the traditional cuisine of the American south without being physically active and let me know what happens."
So...it's over now? We can stop?
"na sorry, I only got the PDFs"
"But...so really, it was other guy that did it then?"
"As soon as they make that clarification, we'll know which interpretation is correct. Right now, the FAQ and Tournament rules have not been corrected."
Redditor for two days? Buffet under cover? Could we BE that lucky?
"Gotta freeze out the punners, don't want them taking over the thread"
"Advertise them all you like, and see how it rubs you when the apologist comes in saying why *certain particular news org* is somehow exempt from ethical standards. That guy is you..."
"&gt; deep South shibboleth

[Relevant XKCD](http://xkcd.com/806/)."
So the teachers work for free?
"I don't think you can grow ethanol for fuel without modern fertilizers etc. You'll get too little of it. Try making methane instead. http://www.motherearthnews.com/diy/home-methane-digester-zmaz75zwar.aspx
Still, wine and beer are good choices. They will be in demand. Small quantities of ethanol would also still be useful as an antiseptic and other low volume uses. "
Beautiful
"&gt; He should have said Trap music

you philistine you.

[Trap music](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGTbiXEeb_c) is actually quite good and fun, in a modern music concrete way, or Jarrish."
Well I hope her attorneys have better legal arguments than you just put up
PHENOMENALPHENOMENALPHENOMENAL
"My main issue is it seems like she isn't working in the bts ""couch"" dynamic yet. She seems to try to talk a little bit too much when nothing is going on, and act far too silly all the time. I listened to a few casts with just her and shane and it seemed to flow much better. "
[[LSU vs Michigan]]
"natsu shares some battle shonen MC traits with naruto, sure, but i dont think they are that similar. also it was narutos motivation from the very start to become hokage, natsu doesnt have a singular goal like that. 

in terms of their personality, naruto was an outcast and immature. natsu is more of just an edgy badass type and immature. hes more a Yusuke. I don't think his personality lends itself well to him becoming the guildmaster even after he is more mature. "
"I split my time between SEA and CLT for work, and the Panthers are my 2nd team. Been pulling for you guys all season (except our game, damn it) and I've been preaching that we'll meet in the playoffs since day 1. Love the Cardiac Cats."
"Yep.

Consider the tactic like you are selling a car (your time for money). Someone advertises they want a car that has these skills for around 100k a year, your target salary. 

After you apply, they are going to offer you a certain amount, say $93k based on what they felt during your application process. Your counter should be at least 15% MORE than your target, so $115 k in this example. You both keep edging closer and closer to your target until you both agree.

Once in awhile, you get a place that claims they do not negotiate. You can still negotiate by telling them that you need time (48 hours is professional). Keep looking. If the job has some great perks and you know it is good working there, take it, if not, then do what is best for you at the time."
[Your comments were so mean and hurtful I'm just crying as if my eyes were the niagara falls] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wB6gHz8XHDI)
It is crazy. Either have lighting or don't have it. Or if they keep it the way it is one defender should have a counter to it like maybe IR
"Yes, I'm aware. I had understood from your comment that the incident had occurred last year. "
Oh my god! Me too! I produce dubstep too! But I'm from Italy! This thread is really useful!
"Eh, close enough."
"Recently, there's a popular video out right now where Master Yi dies in his alpha strike (which isn't supposed to happen). Basically, Lissandra bugs out and dies a lot when she casts her ulti on herself (which isn't supposed to happen)."
[removed]
You got that deluxe poop-viewing station.
thats not a true max blue lol sorry.. heres a picture of an actual max blue. notice how theres WAY more blue http://imgur.com/a/ewa8d. your knife clearly has black on the backside and far more black playside. your knife is ~180k max range.. also the corner isnt flawless
Facebook too! Hell even for any picture...never hurts to double check!
Still faster than my internet at full speed.
They did that with the original Witcher game.
[deleted]
Never tried that one. My personal fav. is a single malt...McClelland's Islay
"Yeah my H&amp;M has what I call the Yeezy section, blatant fast fashion but I gotta love it. "
"Me, too! They should add like 4 more slots. People could carry an OHK rifle and be their own fully loaded support machine gunner. Also, you could carry 2 machine guns and shoot like Rambo. It would slow you down a lot, but would be effective. Or maybe backpacks would be separate from your other things, so you could only carry items less than 4 equipment points in it, and maybe you would have to press a button like 'N' to access it; it would be like binoculars and would slow you down when accessing it.^^^^I'm_so_smart!"
"It makes sense that she might not want to talk deeply about certain specific interests she doesn't share with you, but does she talk deeply about anything? Or otherwise show deep intellectual engagement with anything? I could never marry/date someone who was either incapable of, or disinterested in, some kind of deep thinking. "
"I'm just going to leave this here and show how safe PC building is.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sr3MgKkS314

There are a couple of ways to build a PC. In fact for each component, you can multiply the variety of how to build a PC by the amount of components involved. The most straightforward way to build a PC is shown in this video, where the last thing that happens is the power cord being plugged into the PC. (which isn't shown in this video).

This way the only danger is static shock *to* the PC, which could damage components. The likelihood of this happening is quite low. Electrostatic wrist guards can prevent such things from happening, and are inexpensive. If a 5 year old can do it, so can he.

A bit of googling would answer the ""Are there any 1 handed games/controllers for PC?"". http://www.oneswitch.org.uk/1/AGS/AGS-onehand.htm

Mice can also be accessible if they have a lot of buttons, depending on the game. Though i'd suggest controllers, as they're more likely to be more of a comfort compared to pressing a bunch of mouse buttons.

Edit: If the prebuilt is a bargain, go for it. Saves the hassle and effort, though component warranty may be a bit more difficult to get/prove. Though not like warranties are great anyway, so yeah."
"Thanks. I've heard of them but haven't checked it out since I figured it would be similar to Dai Due in that it's more boutique and less a good, old fashioned butcher shop."
"*chuckles along with her, the laughter getting more uproarious as it goes on*"
"Started out fantastically, ended not so fantastically. I don't believe in miracles, but we'll see."
"The weird thing about this series getting an anime adaptation is that it's actually one of the first ""reincarnated in/transported to another world with game-like mechanics"" series to get an adaptation.

This stuff is more or less a genre in light novels, and there's loads of generic (and popular) takes on it. Meanwhile, this is a story that goes out of its way to subvert a lot of the tropes said genre has created, as well as its typical main characters and power curve. None of which would be evident to people who only watch anime.

Well, Grimgal is still very strong on its own, but its uniqueness and how refreshing it is won't be as apparent.

More surprising would be the upcoming Kono Subarashii Sekai [rest omitted], which is also a different take on the genre mentioned earlier, but as a direct parody... Really, it seems like adapdations for these are going in reverse. (An extreme example would be if Madoka Magica preceded regular magical girl shows.)"
[deleted]
[removed]
"People get paid by the skills required to get the job, and by how vital the position is. Not how hard the job is. My last job was in a food plant. Line workers made $14-20 because the job only required a high school education, while mechanics made, I think $40 due to the skills needed to get the job. Shift advisors made something similar because their position was of course above the line workers.... Yet line workers pretty consistently worked the hardest. Hell, those higher positions often didn't have to work as hard as your average fast food worker. I'm finishing my IS degree right now, and while I'll likely be making double in the tech field, I'm pretty confident I won't be working half as hard.

Regardless, everybody working 40 hours a week deserves a comfortable wage. I don't give a shit how easy their job supposedly is."
"Runes of Magic,4story,Allods Online, Order and Chaos, just to name a few successful WoW clones...."
"I thought that was the whole point, to mislead people into thinking Finn was the next Jedi for the trilogy but it was really Rey. This was one of the main spoilers/surprises in the movie (the others being Kylo Ren is a Solo and he kills his father).

The problem with this is that they fooled all the developers of toys and video games and they either left out Rey completely from their products or she never gets Force powers (Disney Infinity)."
"You could also put them into a list object, which I personally find less annoying to deal with than JSON. "
Gundam: Iron Blooded Orphans
"Quality seems fine. But I don't travel with them -- they're too massive, as you allude to. They work well on the sofa at home though. :-]"
Eyy bby hope you're ready for the night of ur life
But will I be framed for murder if I choose delta airlines?
"We can already get relatively cheap 10Gb Ethernet cards for our computers. What we need is affordable switches. Make an affordable 10Gb switch, not thunderbolt adapters."
As meryn trant would say..TOO COLD
Mr. skeletal
"and honestly, i've never done most the tricks i see recommended frequently. rancid milk, spirit bomb, magic drop... no idea what they are. i still play yoyo every day and learn new things and make up combos and have tons of fun. another side note i will mention is that if I DO choose to learn a trick that I THINK looks cool, i will tear it apart and dissect all the elements, making the entire concept customizable. "
http://youtu.be/-jnQWQaDpKA
"A) No it's not core, it delays other important items in other games

B) Quit the trolling shitposing MMR-bragging epeen stroking. ""Oh hurr durr I bet you're 2k"". People refuse ""proper pick order"" at all MMRs. Go watch any high-MMR streamer and you see the same nonsense.

Seriously. We're having a discussion about items and all you can pull is ""WELL ABOVE 2k MMR THAT DOESN'T HAPPEN""?

Go back to /r/dota2 if you wanna meme it up."
"They should have given you the option to pick another hot day gift when you got/opened the box. If that didn't happen, you either didn't get all the prizes or it's glitched."
"I meant confusing as to what my course of action should be, whoever I've had some decent replies so I think I'll jus roll with it and see what happens "
"I hate this kind of immature shit. If you want to buy it, just buy it and accept the consequences, don't come here trying to find a way to manipulate your girlfriend into changing her mind. 

She said no, then just accept it as a no. She doesn't want you having that figure so Jesus Christ just let it go, it's just a PVC anime girl and if you think it's more important than your relationship, stop wasting your girlfriend's time."
"&gt; What the fortune of your life took from you,
&gt; your posthumous reputation will add to your praise,
&gt; you, sorrow and honor to our people for a long time.

How you know whether fama is nominative? And where do you read people?"
"It doesn't. That's why I said story time.

Funny enough, the Ferrari owner I was talking about ended up having to spend like $18,000 for a replacement part in his convertible top. He had to spend one 2016 Toyota Corolla to fix something in his car he rarely used."
wut
"*tips fedora* "
"She has a skimmer in the back which copies the tracks from the card. Then writes the tracks to a new card that you can use anywhere. This is about 20 years old, but is becoming more popular now. The skimmer fits in the palm of your hand, and the writer hooks up to a laptop."
"Following!
It's about time for FC to comply this year!!"
そういや自分も今年だったな
386DX-40 plus 387 should be just fine for less demanding content.
[deleted]
"&gt; I don't want games to be censored

This sub isn't ""Fuck /u/Scoops1"", just in case you haven't noticed."
AA and vindictus are trash though....
"I haven't used Braindump myself, but feel free to [check out the page](https://gbatemp.net/threads/braindump-userland-game-dumping.407332/) for more info.

What I can say is that you cannot just load up the dumps made with Braindump on any old system. If you want to install game images, from your own carts or not, you need kernel access *and* CFW (In other words you need to downgrade to 9.2 first to actually install your own dumps)."
"You've got your cash or certified funds in hand.  You've done a records search to look for federal or property tax liens. You've looked at the neighborhood and driven by the property, and have enough experience to know what it will typically look like on the inside based on external appearance.  You know that no one is going to exercise the right of redemption because they didn't post the bond. You know that an eviction costs very little, if it's even needed at all (sometimes you can swoop in post purchase, introduce yourself, inquire about needed repairs, drop the rent $20/mo and keep a tenant for years).

But most importantly? You have a limit to what you will pay for any home based on its rent potential, and don't emotionally overbid on something.  "
I guess you're just that bland that people re use insults without even trying
"Cider. At the moment, Smiths is my favorite, but I try new ones at every opportunity in order to find one better. "
Just check to see if UIApplication.scheduleLocalNotification(notification) is available for the extension type you're trying to schedule to notification from.
[deleted]
"The newspaper said that, it wasn't an actuel quote from Xyp9x."
May or may not be what led to the question ;)
"Save them for Broly and the WT. You'll be happy you did if you get Broly. "
"I would not name a pig I was going to eat. Different culture I suppose. "
He said what he said! Bitches dirty.
"Weird that I do all this and more. I have no formal training or Jon related experience. Football and lots of military games? Idk  "
"[**Michael, the Arch-Lightsworn**](http://static.api3.studiobebop.net/ygo_data/card_images/Michael%2C_the_Arch_Lightsworn.jpg) - [Wikia](http://yugioh.wikia.com/wiki/Michael,_the_Arch-Lightsworn), [($)](http://yugiohprices.com/card_price?name=Michael,+the+Arch-Lightsworn)

^(Level: 7, Category: Monster, Type: Dragon  /  Synchro, Attribute: LIGHT)  
^(Stats: 4 requests - 0.06% of all requests)

&gt;1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner LIGHT monsters  
Once per turn: You can pay 1000 Life Points, then target 1 card on the field; banish that target. When this card is destroyed: You can target any number of other ""Lightsworn"" monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle them into the Deck, and if you do, you gain 300 Life Points for each returned card. During each of your End Phases: Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard.

&gt;ATK: 2600, DEF: 2000

---

^^To ^^use: ^^{Normal} ^^or ^^{{Expanded}}) ^^| [^^Issues?](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Nihilate) ^^| [^^Source](https://github.com/Nihilate/YugiohLinkBot)^^| ^^New: [^^Version ^^2 ^^released!](https://www.reddit.com/r/yugioh/comments/3r73pk/yugiohlinkbot_v2_harder_better_faster_stronger/)"
"* Sennheiser Momentum in ears
* RHA MA750/750i"
"It very well might not.  Many of these guys are very extreme, almost to the point of anarchists.  Some may call themselves ""Republicans"", but they are farther from the Republican core then Hillary is (who tbh is halfway to being a Neoconservative, and if it were not for her husband - and social issues - might be an establishment corporate bought Republican)"
"I guess something spectacular. "
[removed]
[deleted]
the rival 300 is very well balanced. It feels like a 90g mouse when lifting and the cable is amazing.
Before that he was in Little Rascles
https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/3z4ldj/syrian_army_uses_the_weather_to_advance_in/
"[I did not make this, Nike did] (http://undergroundsoles.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/nike-lebron-11-what-the-release-date-03.jpeg)"
P.S. halfway through you switch from MM/DD/YYYY to DD/MM/YYYY and it took me way too long to figure that out
Give this fellow a medal. Its not the armour or the weaponry that gives the Astartes their renowned survivability. But their superior tactics and thinking.
"That could be cool, but it'd have to be quite soon after / connected enough so that you'd realize that was what was in the museum. Otherwise it'd just be a random deathclaw."
https://dropmefiles.com/qZsEs
"/r/titlegore "
"Oh, and to the guy who wrote this: no, it's not impossible to generalize. Lesbians don't want you. None of them."
"EDIT: Saw this on my newspaper. Anyone remembers him? "
"Non, j'ai eu du bol finalement.

[Pour plus d'infos](https://www.reddit.com/r/france/comments/3yyocg/bonne_ann%C3%A9e_2016/cyhwi6c)"
[removed]
Different class cards. :-/
"&gt; none of it actually happens

Nearly all of it happened, just in a different way as it was Taylor's experience, not the Player's."
..no you just suck.
That's Taguchi.. isn't it?
[deleted]
Played Fallout 4 (my wife fell asleep on the couch at about 11.30pm).
[removed]
[deleted]
"Time goes by fast. Yes, very cliche."
[yes](https://gyazo.com/bcda98afe4b84b934943ff3b3a10f494)
The New World is love par excellence. The first hour or so is absolute heaven.
"11/10 JPEG compression.

Could not read."
i think so good job
Probably not since he holds the position as the Ranking Member of the Budget Committee. /s
Didn't Shane Warne submit one of these back yard cricket things? Who is more high profile than the great man himself?
Kenny Omega is such a charisma machine.
"""Damn, your parents' house would have burned *so quick*. I bet the supports would collapse way before first responders even make it here!""

""...what?""

""Nothing, nothing."""
Escaping 1-2k mmr is easy as fuck. Learn to CS. Your gold advantage will win your matches.
"Crabtree for best

"
"I'm in the American South so there's no snow,  but he's also been around for months and has been sleeping around the yard. He's just been too scared to ever come up to anyone. "
"Heroic strike is a non-normalized attack since it replaces the next auto-attack, it still uses weapon damage + an amount(depends on rank). That means a slower weapon will always hit harder than a fast weapon. Also I doubt slam, even improved, will work at all in pvp due to the amount of movement required. Having said that, I have never tried it myself so I can very definitely be wrong."
"I had trouble getting and staying hard and I didn't come due to nervousness. She came in a minute, though."
"Yeah, he's right. It's not incredibly common, but I've been on several teams that won big while only controlling 1 zone the majority of the match. I personally started playing much better when I stopped playing zones so much. "
"I thought the exact same thing. Name with initial and city would be fine for a public list like this, full name and partial login name is a puzzling decision for privacy and security reasons. They can just email them directly to notify them. That better be once nice package they are sending them."
"Shit, I just lost money to myself then."
"I'm in the same boat, got a screenshot of putting it in correctly though. We'll just have to be a bit more patient :)"
"That was fantastic. Experiencing the present is one of those positive things that have come from my most recent time on the brink. I'm more aware of it, more often. Thanks so much for that video, it's something I can't be reminded of enough. I think dealing with two episodes of critical near death situations has really shaken me. It's given me a humility that I never had, and I think that might be one reason Um not suicidal again. How did you find that? Is Sam Harris an author?"
Whoops!
"It's just a transfer of electrons, brah."
"mid 2k ranked player and mid 3k unranked player here. the game is not over at the draft. Every individual has their strengths and weaknesses, but 2k players are generally bad at farming, have poor map awareness, and I think most importantly, are not sure what objectives to take at what time (when to gank into push, when to smoke into rosh, when to split push.) If your draft is looking unbalanced, it's your responsibility to fix it. I enjoy playing carry in ranked, but if 3 cores have been locked in already, I will pick a hero to complement the team. "
"Because I was getting downvoted for asking it and people were not answering the question with any sources. So I looked it up instead. Turns out, they were lying. And Kobe fans are downvoting because they feel like the fact that Stackhouse was injured diminishes Kobe's accomplishment (which it does). Just another day on /r/NBA, hyper sensitive Kobe bitchboys."
I can't decipher your comment.. is it missing a comma or something? I've literally read it like 30 times.
what's the achievement called?
Two kinds of people
[deleted]
"Idiot, people losing by nose TKO rarely happens"
"For me is being with my wife in the UK i live in Canada, Also to be a lot more happy in terms of doing what makes me happy...i would like to get into Photography been doing it for 9 yrs, also my work IT took its toll on me took 6 mths of in 2015, due to death of first wife. and to check myself my inner peace left i was not happy, ii calculated my have and have nots..I just felt i let my self down..I never had a good life for 12 yrs working but nothing to be happy about... So 2016 needs to be my year went back to Buddhism, reading knowledge making new friends (Quality)..caring sharing and looking after or try to help people who have been thrown aside. just being my self.getting back to work.. "
"ok i thought i was the only one who did the purple shadow under the eye thing. DUDE, i did it when i used to go clubbing in college last year (i'm grown and i've stopped now but STILL) and idk idk it just made my black wings look better. maybe i'm just into the vamp look.......omg....."
"Not only is the retard going too fast for road conditions, obviously, he shouldn't have yanked the helmet down, could have caused serious injury."
"I agree thoroughly, and some of the best stuff I've read was in [RHE's Week of Mutuality](http://rachelheldevans.com/blog/mutuality-2012-posts) series."
"Somebody once said ""you make feeling bad look good"" to me. I try to think of that when I feel bad, which is, you know, most of the time."
"Fuck

U

Where 

am 

i

mfw u add coldish but not me -_-
"
"Sweet looking forward to it. So the App looks grand tested against Sabetha last night, cannon phase seemed to make sense . Thank you."
[deleted]
"Ah maybe you're right. The Kill Bills are probably my most re-watched movies. And I can see myself rewatching 8 where I probably wouldn't rewatch Rev. However I managed to watch The Rev with NO idea of the plot and so was utterly blown away. I didn't even know the 2 line synopsis - so that was a whooooole world of WTF for me. Amazing. This time I found myself a bit....cross? Is that the word? I don't know - anyway I was a bit meeeeeeh with the Tarantino-isms - the chapters, the Sam L speeches, etc. It was great but nothing we haven't seen from him before."
half of loki's fanbase is
"Doesn't it just? "
"Why does everyone post pictures that have a watermark in all caps smeared on the pictures saying ""DO NOT COPY""?




I copied it tho fuck the system"
"These are some fairly sweet plays, you should make sure to space your ults out to apply sheen procs from autos, you also didn't seem to have rageblade in these clips but if you do you should save ult till you have a few stacks for some stronger damage on it. 

Also you tend to Q early, more likely for thunderlords proc. There are plenty of reasons to save Q but be advised that if you wait before Qing a bit longer Q can proc and apply sheen at the same time, autos can apply thunderlords just as effrctively but if you use Q too quickly after w you miss out on significant damage. 

There are probably some more things I could get from scrutinizing the video but over you can be proud of these. Make sure to auto whenever you can, you heal and get ms with triforce when you do, and its better then trying to juke in certain situations that you miss out on solid damage in a play or two"
"I'm not that bothered if Australia, Canada, South Africa, Japan increase in power and US remains as a power. I like all those countries and see it as a positive.            
Perhaps it's time to hand over to Canada/Australia and retire "
"white twinks, they were very young and looked link they were in a small apartment.    
I think they may have been wearing hats not sure :/"
"Miss Congeniality. It's got a 42% on RT, and I know it's absolutely ridiculous. But I can't help sitting down, watching and cracking up every single time I catch it on TV. "
"Nono, they don't ""give"" it to you.
You watch the streams on their site, giving them some kind of revenue.
Btw. Noone actively watches 9.5 days of stream in 10 days.
More like 9.5 days of stream in 1-2 months."
I'm glad you liked it!
I've started going with randoms since getting rank 5 and I do think it's pretty funny when we manage to whomp without even communicating.
"Hehehe thanks, almost 80% of my track is mountain and trails. I also have the softest sneakers ever for cement and pavement runs: Skechers Go Run Ultra. Super recommended.

Anyway, I still think the pain was only because I have been unconsciously faster,  my pace is now like 20-30 seconds faster and my muscles and joints are not used to it, and it has not been a progressive change. It was within 2/3 days."
"I think Lethal got hurt off that dive where his ribs hit the guardrail. "
"One of the mods is a Turkish muslim who censors as much as he can that makes islam look bad.

Why someone who is not part of europe is a mod of /r/europe is anyone's guess."
"I find it kinda funny ""Clarkson / Shit"" are beside each other in the top 100, ""Clarkson / Traded"" are beside each other in the top 200 and ""Fucking / Clarkson"" are beside each other in the top 300"
"Holy shit this is harsh...

On the positive side, you would have spent that money on useless things anyway, right?"
you should fix this injustice and buy me soma. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
"I think so. "
"Yeah, thats indeed how it was. However, I'm glad I went there."
"Verababy.
You're welcome. "
"&gt; With high fantasy, you can have a warlock destroying half the world in a blink, or a sheep morphing in a dragon.

That's just bad storytelling.  That has zero to do with whether it's high fantasy or not."
"Hahahaha that is fantastic. "
"[Punctuation saves lives.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/95/cf/81/95cf81211d6c36b59e3812ba5a55092a.jpg)  You were missing it completely.  I feel bad for your grandparents.

Also, abbreviations and slang are only useful if you're absolutely sure the intended audience will understand your message.  Avoid using abbreviations and slang when the intended audience is new to the game and may not understand that ""drags"" means ""Dragons"" and not something you do to a cigarette."
"I was never really bothered by how awkward Anakin was in AoC. I mean, that's exactly how I would act if I was a sexually repressed 18 year old monk who had to hang around Natalie Portman all day."
I thought you guys were talking about who's on the covers of the BO games.
"You need to make the Institute one way or another, that starts the quest chain to destroy the Institute with help from the Minutemen.

The MM ending is notable in unless you've already made other enemies it will only destroy the Institute, leaving three out of four factions alive for post campaign gameplay. Far as I know this is not possible with any other ending."
"My ""symptoms"" were not ""explicit"".  Literally every woman who gives birth is going to have some degree of what I said.

Yes, many women go back to work soon.  That does not mean they are ready, or they should.  It does not mean they give back to their companies.  It does not mean it is anything but negative.

My husband's mother went back to work two weeks after having a c-section.  Almost 30 years later, she's still angry and upset about it.  She did not think it was time, or that she was ready.  She did not want to.  She should not have had to.  Just because some women HAVE to, does not mean that any woman SHOULD be forced to deal with it.

Running to the store is not even slightly equivalent to being in a wedding.  Please just think about that for a second! 

You've never given birth.  You literally can't understand how difficult birth is.  You can't understand how creating, and then expelling a new life is.

Any man who is married, or even in a relationship, or hell, any man at all... should realize you can't sign someone up for someone unless you ask them.

A man with children?  Whose partner gave birth recently?  If they think they can do that, they are delusional.

I dig that you don't know, because you said you're a man who has no idea.  But please, understand that creating and expelling a human being is serious work, and MOST women are not ok for a good while afterword.  Even if they HAVE to go back to work.    "
"My tolerance to mdma used to be alright, not high but 200mg was needed for a solid experience. Now I can take 75mg and I'm set. Took a quarter of a snap chat recently and rolled BALLS for like 6 hours."
That's a space station.
"That'll put lead in your pencil "
"My (still incomplete) Planet Monster mod. http://imgur.com/rSHZxP6

Will be replacing the crystal (scratched - built off of a used SKX007) and subbing in a steel indexed chapter ring. Just waiting on delivery."
"No, I don't think they have internet."
"Hey guys! I just finished my first year of work in the real world, so I thought I should reward myself. So after months of research (and finally getting my bonus) I decided on this Hamilton Khaki Pilot Day Date. I've gotten some watches as gifts in the past (my grandpa has a huge collection, so I've been hooked from a young age), but I've never bought a nice watch for myself. I actually first came across this watch in a post on here, so thanks guys! I am a huge movie fan, so once I noticed it in my second viewing of Interstellar, I knew I had to have it. It kinda adds another talking point to the watch. The shop I bought it from also threw in a black leather strap that I am stoked to have.

Thanks everyone for listening to me ramble! I am just really excited to have finally bought my own watch."
[deleted]
So I finally got around to watching Mr. Robot and it totally blew me away. Highly recommend to anyone who hasn't seen it yet.
Knowing frontier the foliage will cost £50
"You ever hear the saying dress for the job you want? I say let's bring back the motto for the America we want, not the one we have."
"I said it elsewhere but ""A New Career In A New Town"" is such a fantastic song, even without vocals! Just so well written. "
"Got it working now, had to look on local machine, not AD.

I also changed it from fully qualified network \\server\share.... to just a reference to it's own internal drive space, E: was the actual disk space on the server."
Use the report button to help us out please.  We can't always put eyes on every single post in a timely manner.  Keeping the sub running smoothly is a group effort and we count on your support to help us get there.
"This year's Royal Rumble falls on the 28th Anniversary of the first Royal Rumble *to the exact day*, January 24th.

Roman Reigns would have been two years old when the Royal Rumble started... and the Royal Rumble starts with two men.

**R**oman **R**eigns

**R**oyal **R**umble

...

*...sweet mother of god.*"
"I don't think that these will fit on a Mk I as it doesn't have a charger bridge. (The charger bridge was added to most of the upgraded rifles, but it appears not to have been added on this one)"
"Sprint needs to understand coverage trumps all in mobile service. They will not significantly grow and will keep bleeding money until they can match Verizon and AT&amp;T on coverage. It is 2016, this is a mature market....no more excuses Sprint.

Edit: Verizon is not making billions because of their customer service or because they are 5 or 10 Mbps faster, its because people can rely on having a signal."
I have never kept track. It's pointless... you can't get away from it. I back out of a lobby just to get put in the middle of another ongoing Combine match...
"I don't think there needed to be one, I think Dumbledore knew the magic was strong enough on its own. And it was. Even Voldemort in GoF knew he had a better chance kidnapping Harry from *Hogwarts* than he did at Privet Drive. I mean, crazy, eh?"
"It was quite some time ago, but they also added Brenner which is more of a team PvP event, kind of like capture the flag. Sadly, finding people for it would be a bit of a chore."
"&gt;  tax-advantaged.

only for primary residence mind you."
"At this point, I don't know even know . . . ."
"it actually is, but I would like it to be noted I have TWO FRIENDS IRL

and I don't like either of them"
"Not at all :) The 3D makes it look really cool too. "
[deleted]
"Thanks! Female pidove, level 5."
I stood behind someone on the bus browsing the Seattle subreddit. He was the OP of a certain post he was responding to and I knew which one :)
[I'll talk to you under the deer](http://www.theonion.com/video/teens-migrating-from-facebook-to-comments-section--35583)
Soak it in hot water for 10 minutes and try again. If you wind up using pliars wrap the tips in tape or with a cloth to protect the tank.
We don't like you either.
How are you trying to see what it's detecting? Dxdiag? That will show Intel. You're going to have to start it in safe mode and uninstall current drivers and reinstall amd drivers.
"I'm glad they finally let us know, overall I think it looks pretty good. "
"Depends on the school. It's usually a mix of soccer, flag football (gridiron), baseball, dodgeball, volleyball, basketball, track, tennis, or badminton. 

My school and a couple schools in my area played the ""soccer"" that I described above though. Most schools do play soccer in PE, I worded my comment poorly earlier. "
"Yeah pretty much. My grandma has dementia and most of the time she forgets short term stuff... like if she's eaten or taken a shower or called so and so or what you just said to her repeatedly or that she asked the same question 5 times in a row. Some times (usually when she has a bladder infection... guess hallucinations and stuff are common w/ that in the elderly) she will think it's a couple decades ago and is sure that she is still married to her dead husband or just saw a friend that is gone. So we usually say, he'll be back later. And we have her in an assisted living apartment where they remind her to eat and bathe. And we never say to her, ""we told you that, remember?"" We always just keep repeating what we told her if she repeats a question. Sometimes it sticks, sometimes it doesn't, but at least she's happy that way. She often doesn't remember conversations or who has visited her, but she DOES remember feelings and a good visit will leave her feeling good in the evening, while a rough day can make her grouchy or sad for days."
This is a fake read
"Yea pretty much, those people need some therapy or something to help work through it, not just enabling and acceptance"
"Also make sure you have the CPU power plugged in as well, sometimes people miss that"
"Oh cool. I see. 

I'm only a semester into my stats class and I honestly such at it. We have not been over the Gambler's fallacy."
"Regardless, I really don't understand how Clinton expects me to give a shit about her grandchild that is going to be extremely privileged and well-off regardless; at the rate cost of living is increasing, it's looking unlikely that I'll even have kids, let alone have grandkids."
"Cool. Found the ring, and sensor on amazon for about $10 total. Will give it a go. Thanks for the quick reply! "
Just like /r/thanksobama ?
"THERE""S TWO RULES AND YOU MANAGED TO BREAK ONE."
"It used to have a small-game indie feel where the community was actively taking part in the development of the game - it lacks that now, didn't mean to imply that it was bad."
Aren't there two shows and two movies? Which should I start with
That is oddly specific...
CS:GO ruined everything but Dark Souls for me.  The Dark Souls series didn't help by being the best RPGs ever.
"Because when I want a luxury car, I prefer a glorified Nissan."
"It looks more like a refugee force fighting the same unspeakable alien horrors humanity does. All of that on an abandoned planet.

And you can't seriously say that ""well they look roman thus they're the enemy"" is good enough to go and xenocide an alien race. What are we, space marines?

Next we will have ""For the speaker!"" and inquisitors going around making sure there is no heresy or interaction with xenos.

Finally... *hostile*... but they aren't. That's the whole point of the convo. Every interaction with them, the Guardians (or rather, you) are the aggressor. And even though they are said to ""blow up planets for getting in their way"" they have taken absolutely 0 action of any type against the Earth, or any populated human land.

Hell, all they seem to do is defend themselves when the undead army of the day comes to exterminate them for whatever reason (squatting? wat). From the Cabal point of view (or hell, from the point of view of anything in the setting) what is the difference between humanity and the hive exactly?"
"yeah it's a bug, thats why you dont play until a week after a patch.
"
"This is the correct answer.  I get a lot of complaints from our customers, that our website is advertising porn.  It's always awkward when I tell them that we don't advertise on our website and direct them to a good antivirus."
"Trades Foles for Bradford. Foles isn't good, but Bradford is terrible. Lets Jackson go and replaces him with Cooper/Matthews. Can't resign Maclin and let McCoy go, replacing him with a combination of Matthews and Murray. Boykin left and he signed Maxwell. All 4 of those moves were downgrades in talent. You could call Foles for Bradford a draw, but the other ones were dumpster fires.

He go Kiko for McCoy, big whoop. That defense was on the field constantly. Even when the Eagles did score, they did it quickly. Otherwise, it was 3 and out. San Francisco's defense might be better, but it could also be attributed to not running around for 3/4 of every game year in and year out.

And Kaepernick had an offensive coach, Harbaugh."
"I just got some in today. Literally took my first dose 15 minutes ago and the first thing I have to say is that it is not the most pleasant thing to take sublingually. Even at just 5mg it was very intense. However the taste itself isn't horrible (kind of like a short lasting bitter citrus taste), what makes it intense is it will leave your tongue a little numb for a while. Can't report for how long it will last but I do feel it going away. Again not terrible but just extremely different to the usual sublingual noots like uni/sunifiram. I'd be more than happy to report back in a week at most with info on how I feel as well as dosage info and other nootropics that I take.

**Edit:** Took about 20 minutes for tongue numbness to fully go away."
"https://swarfarm.com/profile/jontotheizzo/

here's my box - any suggestions for a good farmer to help level fodder? thanks!"
"It's not actually 3k, it's more like 2k, since it's 2160x1200 resolution, lower than 1440p. On top of that, you don't render the full frame, you only need to render 2 ovals to fill the lenses. Also the GPU rendering everything twice is faster than rendering twice as many things once each, since you don't need more stuff to move from CPU to GPU, and if you render both eyes at the same time then you can get some caching benefits too.

This doesn't sound like it'll be much tougher than running 2d 1080p, and easier than 1440p, except you'll want 90fps instead of the standard 60fps."
"He's a pretty amazing support hero. So he might be worth more then 20g.
"
Going to enjoy another Oliva Connecticut Reserve. I have to start off my 4 day weekend the right way!
They are supposed to be in the back seat in a baby seat. Better than a phone in your hand already.
"It's a really strong spell once you get used to the rather odd casting method. With high levels of quas it can easily be better at keeping targets in place than cold snap, even if it's just a single target."
"Portuguese second division with a B team. "
"&gt; I turn off the TV and don't even look at any stock quotes for the day. 

God I wish this damn TV wasnt tuned in to CNBC all day fucking long at work."
"""Shocking"" "
kek
"I really, *really*, **really** hope 5e psionics don't suck."
Watt was in the city getting groin surgery. I guess he either asked or was invited.
😁🔫
"Could be interpreted multiple ways, in my opinion it was intended. It's a deeper line than what it is taken for at the surface. It is intended to show what a hypocrite Obi Wan, and by extension the Jedi in general were. ""Do or do not, there is no try."" is an absolute. Obi Wan USING an absolute shows that he also deals in absolutes. The Jedi figure the Sith to be arrogant and blinded by their emotions, but the Jedi were just as arrogant and blinded by their pride, which leads to their downfall.

Or maybe I'm just bullshitting and trying to justify Lucas' shitty writing. Who knows."
"&gt; good data is the basis of good research

FTFY"
"I kind of let my voice develop as I became more comfortable with my image. Now that I live full time I never purposely use my guy voice and I do have to make a conscious effort to bring it out and it feels so alien to me. Best to start slow and gradually build your voice because at first it is really uncomfortable and can hurt your throat.

Read out loud to yourself at night to practice and sing along with the girl parts in your car :p"
TJs because fuck Whole Foods
Han shot last
[deleted]
Nice! Prices on StubHub are hard to look at. Any idea how much a parking pass will cost tomorrow?
"I had to alt+F4 and I can't get back in, sorry guys."
No we need bob. Bob &gt; any other character except Asriel
If you're in Vienna [Arnolds](http://www.arnolds.at) in the 7th has a good selection (although their site is awful!). Worth a visit if you're in the area.
"just go with future, seems marie's side always wins."
"Damn man thats sad to hear, Im a big fan of the jk news channels and im starting to see Davids opinions are really mean. "
"We refer to a headlight out here as an ""Oregon  State Police felony""."
Dehydration changes your piss...
"No mayonnaise? Sacrilege "
"1. Vision

2. Ultimates

3. The Astonishing Ant-Man

4. Captain America: Sam Wilson

5. Doctor Strange"
"""antingen en skådespelare eller en ren idiot. Möjligen båda."" Jag drog inte slutsatsen att han var en skådespelare, jag drog det som ett alternativ."
"With Darth Mod it's my second favorite TW (right after Medieval 2). The timeperiod is great, muskets are fun and with Darth Mod you have the Last of the Mohicans Theme during battles which is fantastic."
"Except that bitumen isn't a liquid. At 10°C/50° F, bitumen is hard as a hockey puck and requires heating and the addition of diluents (typically natural-gas condensates) in order make it flow for transportation, ie. pipelines (hence the name dilbit).

"
Exactly. Just thinking of fighting another man gives me an erection
"Fuck, now I feel old. Thanks for that."
"For some reason Adams gets a lot of heat for not stepping up, but he has consistently played great in the playoffs. Last year he absolutely torched my Cowboys. This is a huge blow for Green Bay."
"look at the date. Its like 7 or 8 years ago. "
"Mods can delete this if it's not cool. I'm visiting Toronto for one night (tonight) and am willing to buy a beer (maybe two) for any natives willing to show me around later. I'll probably do the CN tower shortly after arriving this afternoon, but I was wondering if anyone was bored and wanted to show an Atlanta native around and maybe visit some local bars/restaurants. I'm a 23 year old male staying at the One King West hotel downtown."
"Yeah, I see it a lot. People get the dogs just as a lapdog and don't think they actually have to train them. "
[deleted]
[deleted]
its my personal blog
"Look at the state of the initial quality surveys. The companies getting slammed by new owners are the ones putting infotainment systems in their new models that aren't fully debugged.  

This response is honest. They aren't going to let you use software that isn't ready. I'm good with that."
"Different reasons, but can appreciate how difficult it is to not be around long enough to form meaningful relationships with people. It's a tough life. At least you get to see a lot of interesting places, though, right?"
"This sounds about as credible as the accounts about 'Government paying for leather jackets and expensive mobile telephones for refugees'. "
"I'm betting Vader kills Ahsoka. We know he can't be redeemed (yet) so it would make a fittingly tragic end to her story.

But yeah, there were some major feels just in the trailer and I'm sure the actual episodes will do even better."
One Word. Beautiful
It's imdb
"&gt; I know some women do have rape fantasies

40% of them *admit* having it regularly. [Source](https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/all-about-sex/201001/womens-rape-fantasies-how-common-what-do-they-mean):

&gt; Sixty-two percent said they'd had at least one such fantasy. But responses varied depending on the terminology used. When asked about being ""overpowered by a man,"" 52 percent said they'd had that fantasy, the situation most typically depicted in women's romance fiction.

most typically depicted in women's romance fiction... It's probably safe to say that even more have such fantasies than admit having them."
How did those people get their situation resolved? Did they have to pay for the thing they didn't do?
"Thanks, saved, do you know any good s6 guided to masteries for supports?"
"&gt; Take mulligans, move your lie, who the fuck cares

HAS THE WHOLE WORLD GONE CRAZY? AM I THE ONLY ONE HERE WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THE RULES? MARK IT ZERO!"
Only thing worse on YouTube is when you think you found a clip you're looking for and it's some neckbeard in a poorly lit room with bad audio talking about the match.
"&gt; Truth is determined by what the Bible says. 

What about things that the Bible *doesn't* talk about? "
alright I'm ready to trade if this is for the 2016 SWC Digital Loot Pack.
[deleted]
"Clap clap clap. Nice explanation "
THANK YOU!!!
♪ You might want to sing it note to note ♪
[deleted]
"I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for my business, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you re-open the Country Kitchen Buffet now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you."
*cough* sten *cough*
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQrlDUIZ3f0

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1lPReo50uY

"
[deleted]
The boxes look nice and the figures look nice in the box...
Thanks :)
[removed]
[removed]
MY brain rejects such impossible notions like one gazing upon the Old Ones.
Wings for Marie
Pepsi Kona
10
Sure. That dog is probably six months old. Like OP was even AT school at that age.
"All threads with a ""C/O"" or ""Current Offer"" must provide proof of the C/O. Reply to this comment when you've edited the post. Thanks!

Refer to [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade/comments/3gcy6o/psa_what_counts_as_proof_of_a_current_offer_these/) post if you wish to know what can be considered as a valid C/O -
https://redd.it/3gcy6o"
"Wow. You captured him perfectly. Well done. "
"Very interesting. Thanks

A comment on [an article](http://www.technologyreview.com/news/539731/how-to-help-self-driving-cars-make-ethical-decisions/) linked in this one makes a good point:

""The car should ALWAYS take the occupants safety as the primary goal. If it has to kill 100 people to not kill the occupants that is still the right choice. Why? you say. Simple. The car is an extension of the passengers will. If one of the passenger was the one driving, what could he do within legal bounds? If a human ran over a person that jumped into the road in front of him, would he be held accountable? No, because self defense always is a valid reason. No one is expected to make self sacrifices."""
"Thank you! Casting the Divergent Amateur tournament tonight then this weekend I'm co-casting Enter the Storm with ZP. "
"Chirpy cats are so cute! Can s/he purr too? Savannahs are terrible at purring, but they make a huge range of sounds, including chirps.

Don't remember why we named her Lady, but it could have been the movie. Her full name is Lady Mary Kathryn. No idea how that happened, but it fits her. She's a Chihuahua - Jack Russell terrier, not a spaniel.

Nearly all our pets have been orphaned bottle babies. The Savannah is our only exception. More work, sure, but the reward is worth it."
"""You can be drizzy drake or kendrick lamar but check the birthday you ain't the god... Cole the god.""-j cole."
I think lifesiphon on leon might not be so bad when both your mako might and mog's teaching are equipped on other characters. It helps in getting out his HoTE out that much faster.
/r/youtubehaiku
my best advice is try to go to a church or look online if there is any woman out reach centers near u. i wish u the best of luck. if u msg me where u r at i can help u look online for any resources in your area
"&gt; Make your joke about Ian being a homosexual and I will fight for your right to say it

People tend to forget this goes both directions. I'll defend your right to tell homophobic jokes about Ian, but I'll also defend everyone else's right to blackball you from every job in the country for telling it.

Freedom of speech does not mean freedom from consequences."
"Simply put mate, you're not the power in your relationships, you take this power by having high SMV, learning game and passing shit tests.

In a beta to a woman relationship, a beta has to give everything he has to be considered for the relationship.

In an alpha to woman relationship, she has to give everything to be considered for the relationship."
It's just so dense.
"We're rootin' for you.

-- Texas"
"Ok, what I'm getting from this is that food is donated to a charity and then given to old folks. 

[This is what the packaging looks like.](https://www.petadilly.de/img/content/products/scache/AU2B5KEOYNJyS8Zto_hq.dog_food_wet.de-small.jpg)

Now I can easily see how, if you're sorting through tonnes of donated groceries, this could slip through."
Wands = broken
Sorry for trying to have a little fun in life. My bad.
"Vaccines contain mercury, aluminum, MSG and formaldehyde, which of course are healthy ~~foods~~ ~~medicines~~ and not poisonous!

[GlaxoSmithKline guilty of criminal charges, fined $3 billion](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/07/03/business/glaxosmithkline-agrees-to-pay-3-billion-in-fraud-settlement.html?_r=0)

Yeah, that's a criminal pharmaceutical company who happens to make a ton of money jabbing little children with needles. Many of the vaccines out there right now are made by this company.

[Stirring the pot on that Merck whistleblower suit for falsified mumps, rubella, measles vaccine data](http://medcitynews.com/2015/02/natural-news-stirring-pot-merck-whistleblower-suit-falsified-mumps-rubella-measles-vaccine-data/)

Yep, that's another large provider of vaccines responsible for jabbing little children with needles.

&lt;3 the trillion dollar pharmaceutical vaccine industry who's just looking after our health!"
"If he made out like the reason was because he was against her shallowness for not dating him due to being short, he would be the loser. He would be the bitter, butthurt short guy, lolol, when will they ever learn, etc. He had to point out the reason she had changed her mind, to point out why it was truly shallow."
"Hulk has been waiting to tear that shirt off for hours. "
"It's so flat there she might as well go for a singlespeed.  For 13 miles though, I really wouldn't recommend a beach cruiser.  But just about anything else would do.  

[$300 example](http://www.bikesdirect.com/products/motobecane/fixie-record-dropbar-trackbikes.htm?gclid=Cj0KEQiA5dK0BRCr49qDzILe74UBEiQA_6gA-v8IiXd6_8pVwms6FZxiLlE6OmdRwZ0iunJyzE--rg8aAnTx8P8HAQ)

Looks like it comes with it set up as a single speed by default.  If you are somewhat mechanically inclined, you should be able to set it up yourself.  If not, pay the local bike shop (LBS) some dosh to throw it together. [1]

Really, about the only thing you'll need to replace for a while is the tires if you start flatting (get something like Schwalbe Marathons so you'll basically never have to change a flat again).

[1] DON""T let them cut the steerer too low!  Far too many LBS employees are racer-boy wannabees who **will** cut it too short and make you uncomfortable.  Drop bars level with the seat or one or two inches **higher** is fine - and more comfortable for most people.  You can always remove some spacers and lower the bars if you really want - it's like a two minute job to do that."
The ADWD epilogue apparently
"Sorry, wall of text.

The biggest single thing that we took a while to learn is 'tired signs'. You won't know them straight away, it'll take time to figure out what your baby is doing. It could be playing with their ear, or rubbing their head, sucking a thumb etc. Once you see those signs, it's bed time. Babies and young children get more and more grumpy the sleepier they are (instead of just going to sleep) and once they are over tired, they become difficult to put down to bed, creating a vicious cycle. 

There are so many things that go through your head early on, it's easy to get overwhelmed. Remember to take it slow, don't stress over the little things (house dirty, dishes not done, washing not done etc), you get to them when you can.

A 'why am I crying' checklist is also amazing during the early weeks, especially when sleep deprivation makes you forget things. Have I got a dirty nappy, am I hungry, am I in pain, Do I want cuddles, am I too hot or too cold are all things we put on ours. You run through the checklist and most of the time you'll hit on the cause. 

We as gamers use the internet for everything, but researching problems with your bub is not always a great idea, sometimes it can cause more problems than it's worth. Go with your gut as much as you can, and if you do research remember that your baby is unique and to apply your own intuition when making decisions. 

Remember each other. You and your partner are experiencing all the ups and downs together, remember to support each other, be patient with each other and love each other, it makes it easier. 

Lastly, enjoy it. The hard times don't last forever although it may seem that way, it definitely get's easier with time, and as you learn more about your baby and they learn more about their place in the world. They change so quick and aren't tiny for long. Those first weeks may seem like they drag, but to be cliche again, every moment is precious, even the times when you're sitting up watching re-runs of JAG at 4am in the morning while rocking your little one in a bassinett.

Feel free to save my username and hit me up once your bub is born. Happy to share experiences, and sometimes it's just really helpful to talk about things. Others did the same for me. 

Edit: on a gaming note - I got my gaming fix by watching YouTube videos for a while when I was too busy to sit down and game, because when they are asleep, try and sleep yourself."
"Hahahaha, no. Just no. This is nothing like netflix. 

So they generously give me demos for games? Revolutionary. 10% off for only $5 a month? How do they even make money off of this?
And they give you free\* games\*\*? WOWZERS!

\* only while subscription is active

\*\* Does not include DLC, which is about 50% of EA's latest games, with the trend headed towards that percentage being higher, like with SW:Battlefront

If you think that this is any good news for consumers and you'd be happy if this takes off you're delusional."
Agreed!
"kovio, although I've heard shit things of you at least if you ever cut your own balls off, I have to say avalo would probably still have less testicles than you do."
"World production-reserves ratio was 50 years in 2012.   So yea, I don't where you get hundreds of years from."
"Should change title to

""McDonald's gouging customers"""
I'm entering. Thanks for doing this OP!
Any word?
I would like to find out whether someone has implemented it on the Parallella.
"I had a pretty good post a few days ago about being a serial relapser. Will try to link. Uhh, nope. If you click on my name the post is titled ""if you are early in recovery...""

Welcome back and I won't drink with you today!"
"after his death, the hbo credits roll in without any music, leaving a black screen where we see our faces in the tv reflections in shock"
"""A Despair-Filled Farewell"" from Shadow of the Colossus."
"&gt; for some reason sexuality is such a huge fucking deal for people in today's world

It always has been, and always will. Sex is a massive part of peoples lives, as is gossip about other people. Caring about who is fucking who is part of our genetic make-up."
"There's something else going on, I'm on East 27th and I've seen and heard  the helicopter for over an hour. I can't pick up everything from the scanner but I think they're following some kids who carjacked someone or following some kind of illegal purchase? "
Long live Scrubs.
No offense to Gamma Goblin but if they want to compete they better step it up haha. Thanks!
Really depends on what non alcoholic type beverages you enjoy
[deleted]
No
"Thinking of your comment that you can't cut your food yourself, you don't have a prosthetics at all? Actually, never mind this question. Just hit me that you must've lost your arm from the shoulder down, if you're not using prosthetics? 

"
[You're this guy](http://2static2.fjcdn.com/thumbnails/comments/5770723+_52759c3c23bffcc9fd3e1ce8f657d8e2.jpg)
the female version of a weeaboo.
"Auto copy.

It automatically copies to the clip board anything on the page that you highlight. It's a very simple add-on that just makes your experience that little bit nicer.

https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/auto-copy/bijpdibkloghppkbmhcklkogpjaenfkg?hl=en"
"Ah, yes, 9-7 for the Tomsula 49ers.  This checks out."
[deleted]
"In addition to sticking with the peels, have you ever looked into any laser treatment options? I'm not super familiar with these, but they seem to be promising depending on the extent of the sun damage- [going off of dermatologist patient photos](http://www.kochmd.com/photo-gallery/details.cfm?IMAGEID=67&amp;ID=42&amp;startrow=1). THough the combination treatments might alter your dynamic, certain laser treatments might be something your derm might know more about. Sciton Halo Laser comes up a lot and BroadBand Light (BBL) techniques are also referenced :)
EDIT: I guess that doesn't answer your question now that I think about it, but hope the best for you on your skin quest!"
"To be fair, the 3:53 video last week was posted here. "
[deleted]
Drinking coffee with a straw?
Eddie Dean from Dark Tower. Caught me way off gaurd.
I didn't dislike it don't get me wrong. It's just weird. If you keep going with a Looney Tunes type character that would actually be pretty cool. Don't get discouraged man.
[deleted]
"Quit the gym last year after our circumstances changed (hubby got a new job, his work hours are different now etc), so around December i started walking our boxer boy Pete before work then slacked off a bit but i've started again last week :) he gets me up at 5.30am &amp; according to my fitbit we do a 3.25km walk every morning :)

It's good exercise for the both of us but it is really helping with his leash reactivity :) now i just have to get him okay with traffic (he doesnt like unexpected loud vehicles like garbage trucks, regular trucks, motorbikes &amp; noisy loud utes) but we are getting there :)"
"(I love deadpool, im married too. Im going to have to drag my husband to see it)"
"I find I'm rarely using my PTS these days. My Time gets a workout on weekends at the beach, mountain biking, on holiday; it's plastic, durable, and dresses up fine on a nice NATO strap (the white tends to just look like raw aluminium to most folks). I don't feel as comfortable slinging the steel around with that kind of abandon.

My round lasts me three work days between charges, so I can easily forget to change it twice without worrying. And even then it charges super quickly. It looks really nice, and feels like nothing.

The time and round combo is my favourite, I'd go with that."
"I have no familiarity with any atheist means and don't know what the word ""dank"" means in that context."
You can disable automatic updates for it specifically in the game properties.
"Honey, listen to me very  carefully.

I know your GF is wonderful and loving and caring and and and.  Okay.  We all understand that.

Despite all her sterling qualities, you need to do the following:

1.  Put your GF down.  Gently, you don't want to her hurt her!

2.  Back slowly out of the room, making sure to make no sudden movements,

3.  Text her a break-up note, something along the lines of, ""I'm sorry, GF, but this relationship just isn't working for me anymore.  It's not you, it's me.  Etcetera, etc., etc.""

4.  Block her.

5.   Take a deep breath and know that you have dodged a bullet, because nothing here was going to end well."
"I WANT TO RAGE BUT GREYMANE SEEMS PRETTY DAMN VIABLE. GREAT POKE BUILD AND GREAT MELEE DIVE BUILD PLUS BLOODY 75% CC IMMUNITY. 

WORTH MY 15K, GOOD JOB BLIZZ!"
My phone only lets me have 5.
"Thanks, not many ppl agree! We are the elite. He he!"
[deleted]
Yes I was scared I would end up staying awake all night. lol
They behave like it too. A very large percentage of employees got hired because they have friends or connections on the inside. One of the larger champ developers has made sure at least two of his ex-girlfriends got a job at Riot. And that wasn't because of their talents in the video game industry.
Interesting stuff! You are truly a history buff good sir!
"I don't remember that exact phrasing. I remember Rabia writing ""with friends like these..."" about Yaser, implying that Yaser betrayed Adnan. 

I think it's interesting that Tanveer thought Yaser thought that Adnan was innocent. All while Yaser was telling police that he thought Adnan might be involved. 

So Yaser was secretly thinking Adnan was guilty, while representing himself to the group as someone who thought Adnan didn't do it. 

This is the most I've been able to glean, though. From all accounts, Yaser wouldn't talk to Sarah, and wants nothing to do with the case. "
It
"This game is our Super Bowl, basically. If we beat Arizona, we can beat anyone. We would suddenly go from least feared team to most feared."
Now you have me curious.
[deleted]
But are they each only 6 inches long...
"What does ""out of competition mean""?"
Added! I have mienfoo.
A Badly Broken Code is my favorite one
Tell that to Bane.
What about Botnek and I See MONSTAS? Neither of them are on the roster. Can someone please explain to me?
"No, we'd step in at that point. If providing an invoice is refused assuming the buyer is willing to pay fees then something fishy is going on with the seller. If need be that person would be removed from the subreddit. Now you can't even see if a seller is verified prior to sending a gift."
"I have a keyboard and mouse for rocket league right now, hopefully I can get a steal for a cheap controller I can use for it."
"And also him being black kinda makes the cosplay more genuine...That's not racist..

Edit: To clarify, I meant if he had cosplayed Preston. The current cosplay is obviously genuine because you can make your character whatever skin color you want."
"Any trade involving real-world money or the exchange of items/cash outside of the standard Steam trading window should be treated with extra caution.  We strongly advise you to consult our guide on [trading real world money](http://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade/wiki/moneytrades) and/or message the moderators of /r/GlobalOffensiveTrade with any questions or concerns at the link provided below.  Please trade safely!

Note: this comment is for informational purposes only. It is not accusing you of being a scammer.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
I made it like 3 days before I rage quit my job and I've just been floating along every since.
"Awesome job! 4 days is no easy feat. It does get easier after the first week. Try to do some activities, even if they seem boring or you don't want to. Will help pass the time and stop you from focusing on things so much. If you can actually make a few weeks or a month without a puff you will be really well off!

Smoking once a week or whatever after that break, I suspect you will not experience any withdrawals then like you are now. Not even close. Smoking once a week won't even slow you down. The day after you'll feel groggy but it'll be like nothing at all compared to high tolerance quit. 

My best advice if you feel you are ready to have that smoke once per week, only acquire a small amount of flower, or whatever you smoke. Smoke it all that night. If you buy a bunch it will be too hard to ignore and you'll be smoking regularly again.

If you can keep it out of the house and stick to that one treat smoke night per week you will be so glad you did!"
haha I wasn't expecting a reply to this as I posted it a month ago but yeah. The left needs to organize and fast.
"You may not ask questions, but you are going to get answers. And those answers will ""fap."""
Hahahaha go for it
"~487~

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=85549912&amp;token=oWJnGBL5

Thanks :)"
"Exchanging money, goods, or services for sex. Presumably that's what ""wifely duties"" means."
"&gt;Its horrible how giving blood can destroy a family!

What the hell.  Giving blood is a noble and charitable act.  Your friend cheated and got pregnant.  That's what destroyed her family.  Jesus Christ."
"So you are comparing the pay of a Chinese factory worker with a Chinese service industry worker? I thought we were talking about low skill US/western workers?

Because I was talking about providing a service or product to a US/western consumer.

For example:

To provide service to a US consumer, we need to pay a service worker in the US $10/h.

To provide a product to a US consumer, we can pay a Chinese worker $3/h

Why would you want those US service workers to start manufacturing in the US at $10/h?

&gt;  What happens when we go to war with China?

OK yes I agree this is an issue. Except you phased it as ""when we go to war"" - hopefully he never do! While I think it's a good idea to not become completely dependant on another 'not totally friendly' country, world trade is also the most effective force for world peace, and we are at peace, so we shouldn't be avoiding it either."
Interesting to know. Thanks!
"No, but it was a park in the Cedar Fair family."
"An almost satanic Flanders lol. You're on the other side, almost 2 years without smoking... I'm so proud of you and the whole community."
"Tooling costs for making the die was around $500, and the material was $25 ish for the materials per coin."
"I would have checked it out, but I probably wouldn't be sticking with it"
"exactly, the whole reason i commented was because his tone was judgey for no reason, i have holes from piercings ive taken out, i also have scars from dumb accidents, its part of who you are and you shouldnt feel bad about it. jmo :)"
"I hate the word ""queer"" so much anyway. It's just an ugly looking word.
Also, isn't the point of ""reclaiming"" words is so that they can't be used against you anymore? So why would they be able to use them?"
"Republicans quick, bring Hillary up congress to answer questions on what you fantasized over what happened in Benghazi.  "
"He's used executive orders less than bush, Clinton, the original bush, and Reagan.

So no he isn't. "
"Here's half: 

Riches are shy and timid. They have to be “attracted.” ―Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich

Everyday is a bank account, and time is our currency. No one is rich, no one is poor, we’ve got 24 hours each. –Christopher Rice

No man is kept poor because opportunity has been taken away from him. –Wallace D. Wattles, The Science of Getting Rich

It’s how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success. –David Feherty
Money quotes: I;t how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success. David Feherty
“The safest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it in your pocket.” – Kin Hubbard

Frugality includes all the other virtues. –Cicero

Money is the wise man’s religion. –Euripides
Money quotes: Money is the wise man's religion
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. –Benjamin Franklin

“Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I’m not there, I go to work.” –Robert Orben

I will tell you the secret to getting rich on Wall Street. You try to be greedy when others are fearful. And you try to be fearful when others are greedy. –Warren Buffett

Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. –Thomas Edison

What we really want to do is what we are really meant to do. When we do what we are meant to do, money comes to us, doors open for us, we feel useful, and the work we do feels like play to us. –Julia Cameron
Money quotes: What we really want to do is what we are really meant to do. Julia Cameron

A nickel ain’t worth a dime anymore. –Yogi Berra

Thought is the only power which can produce tangible riches . . . –Wallace D. Wattles, The Science of Getting Rich
Money quotes: Thought is the only power which can produce tangible riches. - Wallace D. Wattles

“If you would be wealthy, think of saving as well as getting.” –Ben Franklin

Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. –Jim Rohn

Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver. –Ayn Rand

The person who doesn’t know where his next dollar is coming from usually doesn’t know where his last dollar went. –Unknown

“Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.” –Woody Allen

Financial peace isn’t the acquisition of stuff. It’s learning to live on less than you make, so you can give money back and have money to invest. You can’t win until you do this. –Dave Ramsey

It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor. –Seneca

Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. –Franklin D. Roosevelt

Happiness is in the thrill of creative effort. Franklin Roosevelt

Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that. –Norman Vincent Peale

"
"&gt;[**Toontown White and Nerdy [3:09]**](http://youtu.be/0Nhmq7gtRb8)

&gt;&gt;This is my first bad music video enjoy? staring my bro sir chip me and random toons XD sub. to SirChip105 and me thanks lol

&gt; [*^SallyPinky4ever*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4k-CLhW3MA2GAUndbr2gNA) ^in ^Music

&gt;*^5,579 ^views ^since ^Oct ^2008*

[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)"
"We used to have a neighborhood with about 30 of them roaming about. I think they moved them because they were scratching up cars and roof tiles.

Now we have about a dozen living near the surrounding lakes."
"That beatdown didn't last long, but Becky was punching Charlotte right in the back of the goddamn head at the end. I was shocked. "
Awesome.  Be sure to share!
[deleted]
Hence why I questioned it...
[deleted]
" Formation: Your Choice

 Hybrid: Your Choice

 League/Nationality: German?

 Players you want in it: Reus

 Budget: 500k

 Console: PC

Looking for an A squad that includes Reus and some other great players."
Up to 300 gems? Per day/event or for ever?
they went into irans waters due to a mechanical failure and are being returned shortly
"Dette er eksempler jeg laget fra definisjonen i undersøkelsen.


Eksempelvis om seksuelt overgrep:

fra side 32:

&gt;Vi bruker betegnelsen «seksuelle overgrep» som et overordnet begrep 
som dekker 
alle former for seksuelle krenkelser. 


fra side 43:

&gt; b) berøring eller beføling av personens 
kjønnsorganer...


&gt; d) 
andre former for seksuelle krenkelser


Så om noen har blottet seg for deg, så kan du i teorien blitt begått seksuelt overgrep mot, om vi skal følge norsk lov.

Hvem har ikke sett noen flashe pupper, rompe, vagina eller penis i løpet av sitt liv?

&gt;§ 298. Seksuelt krenkende atferd offentlig eller uten samtykke

&gt;Med bot eller fengsel inntil 1 år straffes den som i ord eller handling utviser seksuelt krenkende eller annen uanstendig atferd

&gt;a)	på offentlig sted, eller

&gt;b)	i nærvær av eller overfor noen som ikke har samtykket i det.

(kilde: Lovdata.no)"
"If you are trying to be a female, you are ugly.

I agree with most of the comments here explaining why."
"&gt; I was 28, and it was a pretty disappointing experience all around

What was your experience with TFA at 44? Just curious."
why
"  
[Doubtless One](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Handlers/Image.ashx?name=Doubtless One&amp;type=card&amp;.jpg) - [(G)](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=Doubtless One) [(MC)](http://magiccards.info/query?q=!Doubtless One)  
^^^[[cardname]] ^^^to ^^^call ^^^- ^^^Spoilers ^^^pre-available!"
Why is it bumpy?
ASMR.
"make sure you don't let /u/Valhalla_Bound hear you lamenting or he/she will be bombard you with a paragraph of bs about melodrama. I agree with you though, I seriously doubt it will ever happen. (get ready to be trolled in 5.....4....3...)"
"It would make something I already really don't want to something I REALLY REALLY don't want. "
"Hey, I am a little behind on my correspondence because I have been producing around the clock. Orders got handled regularly, messages are slowed down and are being worked on right now.

Cheers, Noumena"
"Pump the brakes kid. Hang out with her when she invites you, talk to her when she talks first. Go date other people, go hang out with your friends. If she wants to slow down, let her set the pace. If she's unable to, move on. If she will, stick around.

And while I upvoted /u/kschang 's response, I don't think you owe it to her to tell her you're dating other people, should you choose to do so. If you're not exclusive after you asked, it's none of her business, but DO tell her that you're not waiting around."
"I'd take my lovely caterpillar with a med bay module and the other modules being troop support. Probably be able to drop 40 odd people instead of 7 ish and heal the injured if they need to retreat, before going back in to make another push for the objective. A great thing though is that the sides open on all 5 modules so you could get every troupe out super fast from multiple directions and not have them all shot in a line by the enemy.

Can even have an armoury module too so you can change your weapon sets and gear whilst on route to each mission.

Tractor beam and potentially being able to throw troops through space with the launch bay module on the front which would also make for good non-planetary incursions. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pWIeT33C-g&amp;t=27m42s"
"&gt;  winning $100 and winning $1000 isn't the same

So where do you draw the line? When is $1000 not okay but $999.99 is okay? In any scenario they willingly broke the integrity. If you start making special cases on what is and is not allowed then you start making loopholes to be exploited. By coming out and stating that ANY amount is unacceptable they show a hard line and that they completely condemn the practice. "
[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/bourbon/comments/3zuoh3/rogue_farms_oregon_single_malt_whisky_review_14/) by /u/shane_il in /r/bourbon
I think you just did
"If you are **only** aiming for Magician Maki I think reroll is actually the best option, ~~especially for EN since you can start creating accounts now~~.

Unless you are like me that trying to collect as many maki as possible. Sadly the only option for this seems to be keep playing and hope you get them ~~or whale~~."
Can't sleep too?
"You may be a Renekton player but you are not a Trundle player, clearly. Sheen as well as CDR is amazing on Trundle. "
With added complexity that panniers are occasionally referred to as saddle bags.
Also I don't think Lucian has a chance in this fight.
"&gt;No, no I'm fucking not.


You are saying that the thing the majoryte  consents to is ethical how are you not saying this please explain


"
Exactly. All this does is add a sensor and two screens...
Oh the pain. :'[
"[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/aurora/comments/3zuopj/what_you_could_accomplish_in_2016/) by /u/Doge_Mike in /r/aurora "
I had too much edible New Year's Eve... I beg to differ.
"""Hello, Darren. Pleased to see you."""
"Puzzle games... the Treasure Sword Shrine block puzzle will always plague me! Damn, I spent a long time trying to figure those out, back in the day (before the internet was readily available)."
"Yeah, I suppose Invisibility allows you to break Sabotage, Spy, Deception, Exterminate, etc... but as for current end-game content, Loki is definitely up there with Disarm, which is mainly my point. If the issue is end-game, then Loki's Disarm is the more important part, in my opinion; Invisibility is mainly icing on the cake for certain non-scaling missions that you can easily run with other frames.

I use utility loosely for Warcry; I consider utility, say... buffs, debuffs, stuff of that nature. I was thinking more of the increased melee speed potentially affecting Excalibur's Exalted Bladed, for example.

I really like playing utility frames, but recently I started leveling Mesa, and Peacemaker is pretty fun. I'm fairly certain that 40 minutes or 8 waves of Interception is manageable with pretty much any frame/weapon with enough effort and Forma, so I'm looking forward to kiting her out soon. After all, fun is the point, and while building Frames towards the end-game is cool and all... sometimes having fun takes priority for some people, myself included."
"Yes , a little but honestly Im thinking it was placebo. I dont think theres a difference ."
Maybe Shae got faceless man'd and some chick is wearing her face
The water spouts posted on r/sandiego today... http://media.10news.com/photo/2012/10/07/Water-Spouts-Off-The-Coast-Of-Cardiff-By-The-Sea-State-Beach.-14187082_245796_ver1.0_640_480.jpg
I wanted to be the 1000000th! :(
"Again, I have to ask if you read my comment. It's about the random chance of hip-firing, laser sights do not eliminate that chance."
"Or as I like to call it, ~~A new hope~~ **Episode 4.2, The Force Awakens, but much quicker.**"
"Hey man, could you do a review of these! It would be great to know what the difference is? 

Could you some sort of apples to apples comparison, plug into a soundcsrd and play the riff before changing them, then after! 
That would be awesome and might sway me into getting them haha.

Thanks 
"
The two before me are shadowbanned
"No, you will die."
Nice test innings by our boys
"1. Harlequin Baby
2. Ring Avulsion
3. Degloving"
I got it on sale a week ago. It's a lot of fun but pretty hard. I've been reading up to start over lol
"in a small school up year comments from their fanbase increase due to redditors who are fans of that team participating on this sub since there's something interesting to talk about. like i presume that monmouth, SMU and south carolina comments are up this year.  in a down year, people who dont otherwise enjoy participating in college basketball forums or dont like this sub don't have anything to talk about, which is appropriate. you would find it more annoying if this sub was full of WSU commenters given that this season has not yet been all that successful. "
Getting fired. I was able to start new and chase my career.
"Davutoglu is already licking his ass, imagine what happens when it starts leaking honey hahaha"
My alt went from LE to MG1. It's like unintentional smurfing.
"""I gotta go make a big nasty."""
Was hoping the epikon one were the neostone agents. :(
Taking a dump.
"I just strolled through in power armour, the only worrying part was meeting a legendary deathclaw. The actual rads do jack shit if you're in power armour. "
"Looks like there's a walkable path, look left of the cow and follow the green."
"Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3zqdn2?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[US$599 (599 U.S. Dollars) (Sparta Remix V2)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=I6LbzP-AJRQ)|[46](https://reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/3zqdn2/_/cyo6m9u?context=10#cyo6m9u) - Five hundred and ninety-nine US dollars.  Yeah, that&amp;#39;s a &amp;#39;bit&amp;#39; too high, and I can&amp;#39;t say it actually ever spiked my interest. Plus they are owned by facebook, which I think the exact words I used when I heard that back...
[Official PlayStation Used Game Instructional Video](https://youtube.com/watch?v=kWSIFh8ICaA)|[30](https://reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/3zqdn2/_/cyoji3y?context=10#cyoji3y) - I watched their presentation on the Oculus&amp;#39; architecture and build quality -- yes, you can remove the headphones.  I&amp;#39;m still not going to even think of buying the Oculus until the Vive&amp;#39;s price is announced. This is Valve&amp;#...
[$599 US Dollars](https://youtube.com/watch?v=BOHqG1nc_tw)|[7](https://reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/3zqdn2/_/cyo76hg?context=10#cyo76hg) -  
[Oculus Rift ""Crescent Bay"" Prototype Hands-On + Impressions](https://youtube.com/watch?v=By-IcNblqRo&amp;t=1600s)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/3zqdn2/_/cyogx5p?context=10#cyogx5p) - As Oculus founder Palmer Luckey said &amp;quot;Traditional gamepads are not a good virtual reality input device, you really need something better. Anyone who has ever used a keyboard and mouse can tell you gamepads just don&amp;#39;t stack up, they&amp;a...
[Xbox One vs. Playstation 4 PRICE](https://youtube.com/watch?v=PzDsYEPkSc4)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/3zqdn2/_/cyodh0v?context=10#cyodh0v) - If anything this gives other VR headset companies a reason to show off their lower price because they will get all the cheering and applause. See this video for an example:  
[599 US Dollars Sound Effect](https://youtube.com/watch?v=MNZG4YO8ugo)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/3zqdn2/_/cyob87c?context=10#cyob87c) - FIVE HUNDRED AND NINETY NINE US  DOLLARS 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Play All](http://sbtl.tv/_r3zqdn2?feature=playlist&amp;ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)"
"""It's not your job to."""
"I was the shitty friend. I spread the (admittedly true) rumour that my best friend still had a crush on a girl he hadn't seen in over four years.

She went to a different campus of our high school until year 11 (Junior year for you freedom-folk) when all the kids attended one campus for year 11 and 12."
Friends :-) Love it when girls get together!
"&gt;*Are you Bus Guy? Do you know the woman in question? Email youngma@news.com.au and share your story.*

That's 2016 journo speak for, ""I will SUCK your DICK if you can get my shit more views than Tracy's shit because I should be lead editor and NOT HER!"""
Cabins too
"Yup, used to work at a pizza shop, and you know there will be no tip when the phone conversation starts like this:

""Hi, thank you for calling Piz--""

""Me getta sub wit mayo""

""Ok, what kind of su--""

""Me getta pizza..."""
hes trolling! thats a friend
Cut the power cord over on my uncle's NES.
"For me it's because I (probably) have dyspraxia - which is related to dyslexia, but involves coordination and proprioception rather than things like writing and reading.

I obviously know left from right (I'm right handed, and am a writer. I do a *lot* of writing by hand as a result), but if I'm driving or if someone suddenly asks me which is which, it will take me a bit to figure out which direction that is."
[removed]
"The hardware specs to run this already dictated who they would be selling this to.  If people are spending nearly the same price or more on a graphics card, a $599 headset won't be a big deal either.  The second they listed the specs should have been the indicator that this price was coming.

http://www.theverge.com/2015/5/15/8612027/oculus-rift-pc-recommended-specs

this was May 2015"
Not sure if Scorchers or Hurricanes
"Yeah, Reddit is such a place to be embarrassed. Fuck outta here faggot, old fuck face"
Doesn't doing that and preventing you from using a manufacturer constitute a monopoly though?
"I too have no dog in this fight, but maybe I can clarify something. What u/snarkpit69 (lovely name btw) is saying is that there is a trend of ppl in PR constructing lies to be able to sell a product or promote traffic. Whether or not she was trained to do it is most likely irrelevant to the ppl involved. It's simply a matter of, some PR ppl learned to lie, she is PR, therefore, she may fall under that banner. Whether or not she learned it is a different argument and off the topic.

As a software engineer myself, I can at least say that some of us were trained poorly, with a rather negative way of engineering drilled into us, through one way or another (bad experiences to bad teachers). For example, if the only way you can get code to work is to copy and paste copyrighted software or to bullshit or something, then that's a negative that you taught yourself by being on the job. Bullshitting etc gets the job done, therefore, this is a good way to do my job."
"Vaping as an alternative to smoking is fine, but that vape culture crap is literally gayer than a dude sucking a dick. "
"Phew, glad that's cleared up.  Beer?"
"I don't think this is correct. To purchase a controlling share of GoPro, Apple would need to purchase at least 51% of the stock. Most likely nothing will happen to your stock unless Apple purchases it from you. However you might get cash if because of the purchase the company does better and decides to pay its shareholders a dividend. "
(excommunicates him)
I do use lushen to fight this sd tho.
"January 9, no sign of being retailer exclusive"
"This is Europe we're talking about... go home American. "
"Partially experience partially from watching the pros. The circumstances where taking extra damage is correct vary depending upon the matchup. Both what deck you're playing and what deck the opponent is as well as what cards you've seen so far. 

Usually you can make a lot of deductions about what they have in their hand based on what they've played and how they're postured. Notably knowing what the popular deck lists are and if they run one copy or two copies of certain cards, which cards are commonly teched in, and how many of each type you've seen. 

In the previous example given you can probably figure that they're a ""face"" deck since curse of rafaam is a very  aggressive  card. The best way to deal with such a deck isn't necessarily to stop direct face damage, but to hold board control and taunt up. If they spent 4 mana on turn 4 to double curse you, it's far better to play a sludge belcher on turn 5 to protect your face from charging minions than it is to play the curse cards out of your hand. This is because sludge belcher will kill almost any charger they send at it, while still surviving itself, and will be able to slowly damage them back.  You can later play the cursed cards when you're far enough ahead of them to be able to have weaker plays and still maintain board control. 

If they chose to play the cursed spells the next turn the aggressive warlock could play a minion like wolf rider. Wolf rider would require removing (which requires more mana and more cards) and would deal damage if you didn't remove it. And when you're spending resources on the wolf rider they could play another card that requires removing, or if you chose to taunt up then, they might have an answer for the taunt ready, like a silence card. 

"
"Indeed that's where I got the reference from. Since you have the real version, does all of it have that glossy look? Or are there some parts of it that are matte in texture?
"
"He is a very awesome person! I roomed with him last AGDQ and he was very cool. "
"* Winner: Pisonet ni Lisa
* Duration (min): 40
* First Blood (min): 1
* Positive Votes: 0
* Negative Votes: 0"
"[Link To Original Submission](http://reddit.com/3zup9m) 

______

^^^I ^^^Am ^^^A ^^^Bot. ^^^Please ^^^Message ^^^/u/FurSec ^^^if ^^^you ^^^have ^^^any ^^^feedback ^^^or ^^^suggestions."
"You have literally no control over this. Sex is determined at conception by the males sperm, which will carry either the x or y chromosome.  You have only x chromosomes.  Your contribution is an x chromosome.  The chromosome your SO contributed via his sperm is the determining factor for the sex of the baby.  If anyone has any issue with the gender conceived, I can only suggest sending them a biology textbook and redirecting their anger to your SO's balls for not sending their preferred chromosomal sperm choice."
"one tiny part of the comment is part of the prequels. you've apparantly not read the rest of my comment?

good for you that you've debunked it elsewhere. great discussion. nice examples you've shown after I took some time to reply.

You're quite the asshole. Why don't you go and stay 'elsewhere'"
[deleted]
"Thanks Rachelle! It was massive! "
[removed]
Happy new year broski from the north!
[Well.](http://imgur.com/AGd8J2t)
I'm not sure how anything in B contradicts my comment. How does you living through your position make me willfully ignorant? How does asking people to tell me more about their views amount to ignorance in your mind? Do you honestly equate curiosity with ignorance?
"(27), lets chat."
"cool, thanks
"
[deleted]
"Step 1.  Read Martin Edge's ""The Underwater Photographer.""
Step 2.  Go dive and take a bunch of pictures.
Step 3.  Read Paul Colley's ""Winning Images with *ANY* underwater camera.""
Step 4.  More practice.

My tips:
-Remember you're a diver first and a photographer second.  You are someone else's redundant air source, even if you don't mind drowning or bending for shot, you'll probably struggle emotionally for the rest of your life if someone else does.

-Be able to operate your camera in the case without any hesitation or distraction.

-I've dived with a lot of other photographers.  Too many think it's okay to hold onto rock but grab live rock or hard coral that doesn't look alive.  It is and they destroy it to take a picture of a clown fish and it enrages me.  Don't touch anything.  Ever.

-Have perfect buoyancy down, and I mean so good that only you can see where you still need work (perfection is an asymptotically dynamic pursuit, never touches 0) and be able to fin like a cave diver.  Forward, backward, pivot.  That's so you can follow the previous point and still get amazing shots.

-GoPros suck for producing quality photos and video unless you have decent lights.  They don't focus well and resolution really isn't all that great.  My compact rig that only shoots JPGs on auto does better work for video and photos.  GoPros are *awesome* as documenting tools and training tools.

-I think you need a camera that shoots RAW, manual set WB, and has A, P, M, and Auto modes and at least one external strobe as a minimum of equipment.  You can get good shots without it in the 0-5M range without those things, but it's still not easy.

-Red filters do not replace flashes and a properly set WB.

Read the books I mentioned.  They've actually made me a better surface photographer as well.  They also can prevent you from making some very expensive bad purchases.
"
That's legit cool af.
[removed]
"Wow, mods are sticking old threads, they must have completely given up. "
"LMAO, 1. Why would you assume the. 2. Dont you think you would have heard of him if JW's brother was a pro?"
"&gt; The DK2 simply wasn't enough and every non-gamer I demo'ed it to saw the potential yet had a hard time seeing past its many flaws. Some even got headaches/nausea in demos I didn't think would cause those problems.

The flaws were not in the hardware. The flaws were in the software support. For VR, a DK2 with the right software and GPU, CPU will provide an excellent experience. 

Maybe Oculus/Facebook have made a mistake trying to make the CV1 a premium luxury themed device. With hindsight a barebones DK3 with cheap materials but packed with the essential technology might have been able to come in cheaper and then we wouldn't have the current drama. 

Still most of the noise comes from non-US customers who have seen their currencies fold against the US dollar over the last five years. 

I'm in Australia and I have a DK2. I'll stick with the DK2 until my favourite software can run it properly ... then I'll look at buying a VR system.
"
"pseudo science it  deserves no  attention  or funding "
"Ohh no, a troll who seeks attention. Must not feed... *feeds anyways*"
"In *retrospect*, BAR didn't do that badly in 1999. They didn't score any points, and were horribly unreliable, but they weren't *that bad* pace wise.

The biggest thing was their boisterousness going into the season; that backfired. "
"It was similar, but another story. RL is bringing multiple lives back together! It's the next best thing for bonding since MDMA! "
"""I didn't like it. It stayed quiet,"" says Greenwood, referring to his initial opinion of the song. ""So I hit the guitar hard - really hard."" - Jonny Greenwood ([source](http://www.greenplastic.com/coldstorage/articles/chicagosun.html))

""That's the sound of Jonny trying to fuck the song up. He really didn't like it the first time we played it, so he tried spoiling it. And it made the song."" - Ed O'Brien ([source](http://paulmcgarry.com/cdcatalogue/details/1465.html) (CD Inlay Archive 1993, but unfortunately I can't access it))

Both quotes are from Wikipedia, but at the moment I can only verify the first one. At the very least it seems Jonny himself never said he tried to fuck up the song. "
Looks like Longo with a beard.
Can someone explain SPAD to me?
[Rye is best when ever you're wasted!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6S4VsI78qG0)
"What's the matter, did you get touched as a kid?"
what about fxy0?
Because you can drink it like water.
Deceiving title
"At the beginning my head was playing the mission impossible theme, but all of a sudden it was replaced by cartoon sounds"
[The original video]( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=nJ1XvIMjt4M )
"They have cover systems. Sneak systems , you can create ambushes and decimate your enemy's that way or go full on assault. The option is yours. "
"You can try firewater but no guarantee it will work "
[removed]
"&gt;1 second of Netflix is watched every. 0000007 seconds

1 / 0.0000007 = 1428571.42857	

So Netflix has roughly 1.5 Million concurrent users on average, that's pretty crazy"
"Or just go with '[You don't know JavaScript](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)' series, much better in explaining what's going on."
"*shes lying in bed underneath me. "
Messed around with the DPI settings at all!?
"He should totally quit, that way he can die homeless."
"Effecting a ""citizen's arrest"" is very risky in NZ. If it turns out that the person is not guilty or is guilty but the crime isn't serious, then the citizen can be prosecuted for battery, or worse if the person is a minor.   
This guy should have recorded a video instead and protected his family from the needless legal risks of being a vigilante."
[deleted]
As it is the 7th today does that also mean that the sleeper missions are now available?
"&gt; it just simply felt like sometimes one player would be shitting the bed so they'd throw in another one

It's not even that, they would simply start swapping players around for no reason at all. Like they were top 4 team with Chei as a supp and he was the only one taking some pressure off Chaser's back by engaging the fights and playing (sometimes overly) aggressive, but then they decide to replace him with XD (and put him on Chei's best champions of course) and lose to a fucking Sbenu. The saddest part was watching Chaser trying to engage and tank fights with Evelyn because Chei wasn't there so everyone else was just kinda staying in the back and waiting for enemy to beat themselves."
"I like to listen to audiobooks. Set the volume very los so you can just understand whats being said...Does the trick for me!. "
[deleted]
damn.  it all makes sense now.  his moms a doctor so i'm pretty sure she's been knowing the health risk for a while now. it's probably why she had a major role in getting calvin that massive contract so that he can get paid and dip the fuck out once his contract expires.  damn if that's true then mad props to her.
"Illuminati confirmed "
Considering studios are now announcing their ultra hd movies on a physical disc I'd say that's the next obvious step. I expect streaming to get even more popular but physical copies will always have a home. As of right now it's very hard to find a good streaming service for movies with good audio quality. Blu Rays and ultra blu Rays will have uncompressed audio. Main reason I still buy physical.
"Im a big Tool fan and one of my favourite albums of theirs is Aenima. I bought it when it came out way in the 90's and ive been listening to it ever since. Anyway, after years and years and being very familiar with the album, i listened to it for the 3000th time through studio monitors in a modestly treated room and the vocals seemed to float above the rest of the music and above the speakers. Some sounds seemed to come from beyond the left/right extremes of where the speakers were, as if they were coming out of the mix...absolutely blew my mind. Been hooked on good quality recordings and playback systems ever since."
"there are only 2 *s and you give hints for 4?

thanks anyways!"
"How on earth could you not? It would cost trillions to adequately defend everywhere to this level. "
"Oh shit, just ordered parts for my gf's computer with non modular PSU..."
Click for Rick
"**Just want to alert everyone of the active censoring of this article from SVT!**  

They removed the information regarding the fact that the perpetrators in many cases were unaccompanied youths from Afghanistan. 

This is the 1st version: 

http://s17.postimg.org/yo4mxcrqn/LADDA_UPP.png

The text in the red square says:

&gt; ""But the number of assaults during the festival in 2015 (compared to 2014) are said to have been greater, according to DN's shared documents. The suspected perpetrators are repeatedly said to have been identified as unaccompanied youths, mainly from Afghanistan, says DN."""
Thats.... a great idea.
"I lived about two years in a dorm like small house with around 10 girls when I was in high school and it was actually pretty nice. Well aside from the fact that none of them knew how to take care of a washing machine or clean a toilet. Or cook apparently since I always had like three faces drooling over my plate whenever I made myself dinner.  
Their messes were mostly confined to their own rooms so I didn't have to deal with it and the drama was kept pretty much on the down low.

I have never really lived with only guys so I don't know how that would go over.

So in the interest of curiosity I'd rather live with guys in order to see how it is. But other than that I would prefer to live with girls as long as they don't just pre emptively decide I'm some sort of creep for seeing them in their underwear or something."
"Because the second amendment meant you could be armed in order to overthrow a tyrannical government (save me the almighty US Military using nuclear arms and drones against it's own citizens argument) I'm just going with the originalist theory.

That being said, it's a completely a slap in the face of it's original intent to give the very government we may one day need to overthrow, a list of what guns everyone has.

Besides...registration has only ever led to confiscation. 
"
"I think the downgrade is only for consoles?

The Division is Being Developed Individually on Each Platform – Won’t Be Graphically “Downgraded” on PC to Achieve Parity with the Latest Consoles

Source: http://wccftech.com/ubisoft-graphics-parity-pc-ps4-xbox-the-division/
"
"Me too brother, me too..."
Are they available for you now?
"he's not our Field goal kicker, we will most likely be picking up someone from the draft or free agency when he's gone. "
"I think that's the guy.  He's a Cleveland Brown, not a Bengal.  My bad."
How would one use a pin number as a password anyways? Isn't that too short to login?
It's also the angriest one I've seen.
Can someone please tell me what he did? I can't find the videos. I'd really appreciate a tl;dr
"This is heartbreaking news! For someone who recently started listening to Bowie, it has hit me pretty hard. Life on Mars is an absolute gem, Starman makes me lose sense of time and space oddity...Oh God! RIP Rocker."
[deleted]
"The ambiguity doesn't have to be any more expressed.  It's only trope awareness that makes the player give even a thought to such a ridiculous idea.  They know they're playing a video game, so they just assume that nonsensical explanation is poor writing and suspend their disbelief.  Nobody would actually let their best friend die because a teenager name dropped the butterfly effect."
"Wooh, thanks for doing this!"
[deleted]
Yeah this is fucked up
"Some common phrases I've had to give at my PFS tables:

""I'm not that kind of barbarian!"" (3 str, uses weapon finesse, carries no weapons).

""I'm not that kind of rogue!"" (18 str, uses the biggest two-handed improvised weapon readily available, no points in disable device, stealth, or anything.)"
Instagram is basically THE online glass market unfortunately
"I wished it was a summon ticket, but I'll gladly accept it for inventory expansion."
Can you do one with a Commodoore 64 case next?
Unless he was never alive in the first place
"So you've tested the hypothesis? Tell me, where did you get your sample of nothing to work with?"
"Hmmm... if we're talking ""required"", I would say Skyward Sword, yes, Twilight Princess, no. They are both very enjoyable but I think Skyward Sword steals the spotlight when it comes to a novel experience. Like I said, Twilight Princess is more like an Ocarina of Time reboot. I would suggest playing both of them because they're both great games, but if you're looking for ""required"" just go with Skyward Sword. But if you do decide to play Twilight Princess,  play it on the GameCube.

As for Majora's Mask, the symbolism and themes are definite bonuses if you like looking into that kind of stuff, but if you don't I don't think it ruins the experience. The world of Termina is about the same size of Hyrule in Ocarina of Time, but there is SO much more to do. The game has 4 main dungeons, but there are so many subquests and mini games that it's impossible to NOT find something to do. Also if you're looking for a challenge: if you thought the Water Temple was tough, just wait until you play Great Bay Temple."
Those people who used it grateful tho
"I won't comment on the downvote, because it wasn't from me.

However, your experience might reflect a mismatch between you're pick and the champion picks of your fellow team members. Some champions, like Anivia, make great team fighters, and love when teams group up.

However other Champions, such as Teemo, are pretty weak in a team fight and much prefer one v one matchups. So they will try to prolong the laning phase as much as possible, and try to split push.

So what may have happened in your game is that you picked a team fighter, and the rest of your team picked split pushers, which meant that your team wasn't able to implement a consistent strategy."
"They'll play ""Under Pressure"" into the ground today. 

""Rebel Rebel"" was far superior, and a nod to ""Major Tom"" is also due. "
"A mi me encanto, le da mucha bola a la ciencia y la historia es grosisima."
"Definitely did not say that to him, nor would I say that to him. Please don't twist my words around. Someone asked what's been going on with the dev, so I answered."
"Any time I'm doing math at all. There's also the fact that the international system being base 10 makes everything a million times easier. Imperial is base.... well, base nothing, because there's no consistency at all from measurement to measurement."
"Have we given up on the Spurs Drum?
"
"It was part of her testimony, so the public already knows."
"There are 2 main questlines. One throughout your faction, and one starring you and the prophet. And then there's a ton of small questlines.

Also there is mage's guild and fighter's guild questlines "
[deleted]
[removed]
"Russia was not served well by Joos and Georgians (Stalin, Beria) who hijacked gobernment and killed Russians.

But keep watching my next 100 movies on evil Mr H!"
"The markup is the cost of providing the service and/or product to you, plus a return on their investment. 

If you buy a coke at a restaurant, then the owner is charging you the cost for him/her to buy that coke from their supplier, plus the cost of their operation (building costs, employees), plus some return on investment.

Obviously, it's cheaper if you buy it yourself from a store, or even cheaper if you buy it wholesale like the restaurant owner would. Cutting out the middle-people brings it closer to its true production cost."
._.
まさにその通り
"80% because I already had some sitting around, 20% because it replicated the look they were going for.  ;)"
I second this. Ogden has some good groups.
"Just got a 2005 Honda Odyssey Touring. Leather heated seats, DVD player in the back, climate control, 6 CD changer, etc. etc.

Total cost trade-in + cash was around $10k. I expect it to get me another 150-200,000 miles. Why get a loan for something newer?"
"Good morning sobernauts! I'm keltwolf and I am here this morning to proclaim to myself, I will not drink today. Not sure if I'll be perky about it. Not sure I've ever been perky. Regardless, I won't be drinking alcohol today. Have a really spectacularly OK day!"
Yeah he even wrestled on Raw once or twice
"What was sneaky about that "
Did I wander into /r/Economics?  Or are people shitposting crap that has nothing to do with bitcoin on /r/bitcoin again?
come on man...
XP 4 Life!
[deleted]
"Remind me what the meta was at the time?

As for updates it's been a really impressive two years for me since I started playing. I feel like the game keeps evolving."
Money is a hack to everything
Agreed.
And five seasons of Dexter!
"In terms of banking fees, Capitec is probably the cheapest. Capitec does not do mortgages and they specialize more in unsecured lending so their loan rates are understandably high. 

SA Homeloans seems to be offering a good rate: http://www.sahomeloans.com/OurProducts/HomeLoanProducts

The biggest problem for loans, is that they at least need to beat inflation, lets assume inflation is around 5-6%. The current repo rate (Repo rate is the rate at which the central bank of a country lends money to commercial banks in the event of any shortfall of funds.) is about 6%. But you may need to build in the risk that the inflation rate will go up or your bond payments are adjusted. You also have the risk that property prices go down and the person loaning the money defaults. Add to this that the banks have costs and need to make a profit. So lets say the bank adds say 4-5% on top of the inflation/repo rate. So the pricing does not look too bad. I'm getting about 12% per year in investments from a mixed Equities fund.

The reason it costs so much is because it is over 20/30 years. Try borrow money from someone or any business at a lower rate and you will see that nobody will borrow you the money."
thanks dude. I hope the thief breaks their tailbone!
"Tom Monaghan, local crazy. Its weird to see him pop up on Reddit-I don't know why, he's a billionaire, but I always just assume his crazy was limited to south east Michigan and backwoods Florida.

He wanted to build a giant cross at the intersection of US-23 and M-14 north of Ann Arbor at 'Dominos Farms' which was his giant office complex. He threw a huge hissy fit when the local government wouldn't let him and within a few years packed up his local crazy religious law school and moved them to Florida. "
The whole time I was watching I was trying to think of a way I could make a Louisville slugger joke. Did not expect something a little bigger.
"Maybe ""it"" won't make it to full term. Be as ready as you can. (sorry)"
"Prepare for trouble, and make it double. 

To ensure the Bills a losing record,

To keep defenses from getting better,

To fool our team into thinking they're elite,

Sucking at both coaching and people's feet.

Rob, Ryan.

Rex twins failing at the speed of light,

The playoffs will never be in sight  

Whaley! That's right!

"
This was taken before they fixed the name exploit glitch was patched.
Yes. Because Russian domination would be sooo much better for everyone...
"Yeah I suppose someone else said it best that this would be more of a ""gimmick"" but with competitive pricing ideals to encourage people to spend more but maybe more after. If I had a kid and we watched the new Star Wars film together... Even a balloon or inflatable of bb8 on the way out would sell a ton. It would have to be an entirely new model based around. I still believe it's a feasible idea but I may have been overly specific in thought without considering the mass scale of execution. 

But then again. The hardcore movie fans may want to wear a tshirt the next day after watching the midnight premier. Much like a tshirt that had the tour schedule on it because you got it there. The cost is low but limited stuff may be better for ""monumental"" films rather than every one. It would definitely be risk and yeah.. May not bring down the price on major chains since it works for them currently, but still thinking profit can be made by offering more to the experience. 

I agree with you and ""naive"" would be suitable since I don't have experience on mass marketing. Thanks for replying though and the insight! This is turning really interesting and perhaps this could be a gimmick down the road. May not change prices anywhere but maybe could help the entertainment industry with an extra little nudge. 

Tl;dr: this may not lower prices. But  this gimmick could still capitalize selling merch/gifts/crap to impulse buyers. "
[deleted]
"When he had the cereal bowl with Canadian money I let out a ""gawd dammit!"""
Interesting. And I honestly don't know if I've been back to Covenant since I finished the mission. I'll have to head over and see if there's any indication of that. Good thought though. Thanks!
[obligatory](https://www.reddit.com/r/grilledcheese/comments/2or1p3/you_people_make_me_sick/?sort=top)
"and just think given enough time and 10 kids per family they will very soon have the power to vote their religion into power!  Charter means shit if enouh of the population wants it changed or scrapped.  But hey we were all immigrants once right?!  Logic, my friends. "
I'll look forward to see them.
An asp is a snake....Bobo is an aspie....thermite paint
"Totally joining "
"I'd say Matthew Reilly's books would be up your alley, they're pretty much action movies in book form. I would start at *Seven Ancient Wonders* but he has other books which people have said could be better starting points like *Ice Station*"
there are 1 000 000 new migrants in 2015 alone in Germany. This is just the beginning. Imagine other countries starting to have wars.
"""Why is this thing so slow? Because she's packing way to much extra weight. You're better off either losing it, or ditching her entirely."""
"You're completely offbase with the CS analogy. In CS, knowing where to hit is quite important b/c chest protects and negates more damage as compared to the crotch and leg area, which doesn't have kevlar. We only know this b/c Valve released damage modifiers and such, in addition to dedicated player testing to find the best/worst spots to shoot. And while the Glaz remark can be compared to the Awp in CS, knowing how much damage it does to certain parts of the body can mean that peeking a certain part of the body bevomes the difference between Life and death.

If you think it doesn't matter where you shoot in CS, then you clearly don't know what you're tallking about. The rest of your comment is pretty spot on though."
"Was it the one that came with the white and red covered game manual that you had to look up authentication in the manual like ""page 54, paragraph 4, line 2, word 6, enter the word as the password""?"
"Those frogs are so cute. "
You get to see more when the camera is tilted. The length from corner to corner is greater than the length from top to bottom.
"Randy Orton RKO lol. "
O jeito mais facil de um homem ter peitos é assim
You're dumb haha
I'll crosspost there too. Thanks!
Hallo hopefully I win
i swear as soon as ridley scott mentioned tony towards the end of his speech they lowered the music a little. like little bit but noticeable
Two wrongs and all that
"The advantage of the infographic style is that it catches your attention, and even though to a certain extent it makes you work to pull out the data from the pictures (that might be an advantage, in that it makes you think about them). But mostly, if you want people to look at more than two or three data sets, they are less likely to zone out if the data is presented in varying ways, with engaging graphics. 

 "
[deleted]
It's basically spreadable Maggi.
"says the guy talking in showerthoughts and posting to showerthoughts... not exactly the place for scientific inquiry, but it's cute you're trying to sound smart. "
Ah ok.  They kept the steering wheel and button layout exactly the same on the 2011-2014
"2 months is deffinitly a short time to learn a map, learn all smokes flashes mollys tactics etc. It's obviously a relative term"
"Best Actress, as it happened with Cate Blanchett as Bob Dylan in I'm Not There in 2007. "
"SW Dev here, I'd implement as the requirements handed to me state."
That core is 🔥🔥🔥
Rather talk about it over PM. I'll message you later today.
Lol
Vielen Dank für die Antwort :)
"Ah, well!"
"Are you sure about that? With 0 armor at the stern, it's still possible to take on water due to damage. Even without leaks."
This looks really weird without context
Great article. Stoked for iiiDrops
[deleted]
"Now that DB is gone, As the World Falls Down."
"The wizard is holding a bowl of red peppers? "
"well, if *f*=1/8 would give him 1/30s, then it COULD be 30hrs @ *f*=1/8192"
"The snout and colors are very boxer. Though the fluff on the chest would mean something fluffy is thrown in there too? "
Good for you btw for putting this out there and being so receptive and polite with the fairly harsh criticism in the replies :)
"Likewise it's not like they're depleting a finite stock...

a) that cost money to physically produce,

b) thereby preventing someone else from buying it.

Any theft, if it can be called that, is philosophical. It's about unfettered access to an idea, not about possession. The only theoretical loss in the transaction is the notion that the listener should have paid for original access to the idea. Except, that's not a loss; it's the *lack of a gain*. 

It's like when your favorite brand of pretzels goes on sale for $3.00 instead of $5.00 a bag. If you buy the bag, *you haven't saved $2.00*. You've simply spent $2.00 less than you theoretically might have. You've still spent three real dollars. You've spent money. You haven't saved anything. Saving is the act of not spending.

And as others have pointed out, given that the lack of a gain is entirely philosophical and contingent on several presumptions, so the contrary philosophical gains are a valid argument. On the tangible side I've bought many works that I never ever would have, had I not downloaded them first. On the nebulous end I've talked up other things, provided free advertising that otherwise would never had occurred, at no physical loss to the creator. Given that I have deprived nobody in the process, the production of gains and potential gains that *would not otherwise have occurred* is surely a benefit in the end. 

Not a bad result for a thought crime."
"It's very important to argue about a situation that will never happen. So, again, the elephant, the hippopotamus or the rhinoceros?"
Your budget will make a big difference. Anywhere from a $100 used 55-200 DX to a $2400 70-200/2.8
"Same thing happened to me at bunker hill, nobody around and it said I was hidden, only to walk out into a steam of bullets.  While other times it seems I can take whatever I want"
Its not done by chrisians in europe
Awesome.
"Shame he's in a team that ddoses. "
"Can you splash black for [[Tasigur, the golden fang]]"
"MOTHERFUCKER

...atleast should've gotten a quality meme and remove bandicam :\^)"
"That pretty much is the full version.  But here is the source https://youtu.be/ViLwNTgfNS8 
"
Removed due to repost.
Disagree and relevance doesn't mean expertise
"I've tried it and never really liked it too much. It's probably because my pads are .5"" too big on each of my legs and since the strap  pushes the pad higher, it makes it harder to move. I also felt like it moved around too much and it got annoying, but the new Bauer skates have that loop at the back to fix that problem. 

I'm going to try removing my toe ties all together for increased mobility. Seems like a lot of people have done that with great results. "
"Gulfstream has a service center in ATW.

http://www.gulfstream.com/product-support/service-centers/appleton"
"I'm Indian. From Punjab. 

There most Hindu boys (as well as Hindus from North India, in general) shave their heads as toddlers. 

Fewer girls will do this. But, they still do occasionally. 

[Mundan Ceremony](http://www.babycenter.in/a1015415/imundani-ceremony)"
"&gt; I feel like ""the judges findings"" in this case are being filtered through your own personal interpretation, so it would be great if someone had access to a transcript or something to hear it from the horses mouth.

There's this Google thing that's super helpful in these situations.

Though I'll save you some effort and let you know that the trick to reading court documents when you want, specifically, to know the reasoning is to skip all the upfront sections defining the law and the precedent, as well as skipping the facts, and going right down to the final sections that apply the law to the facts."
Not been subbed for a year but I'm horde :)
[deleted]
"I believe they're shared, but I'm not 100%."
yeah so far this is definitely the most promising system for this kind of smuggling. Thanks!
"I would go either the naked T-70, or a green sq. A-Wing with PTL/ATs/Chardaan/title/whatever for the last EPT.  The A-Wing would make a strong distraction/pest, while the T-70 would be a balanced damage dealer that can fly along with Poe."
This happens sometimes when the game bugs out.  AI will stop moving their troops for anything but dealing with rebellions.  Saving and restarting the game will probably fix it.
"I've always been a fan of Rondo. Was sad to see him do poorly in Dallas, but very glad to see him flourish with the Kings."
"Hey! If you could resubmit this suggestion without a referral link that would be awesome.  We don't allow referral links outside of the referral link masterpost.  

Thanks!"
"I can't believe no one has posted this yet!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlCco3tJx4w"
Would that even work?
"I reached the max on farms I can make on my system so I'm sitting here waiting for TOTY to drop to pick up my key guys (TOTW Shazier, FO Bryant mainly) but after that my coin flow is stalled so it kinda sucks that Troy will be a 1.5+ Milli card no doubt.

Jerome tho? I got the sig bell and having Jerome at FB would be insaneeeee."
"The value of money is a funny thing, cheap and expensive mean very different things for different people.  
For me €250 is a lot of money and certainly something I would not spend on experimenting.  
If I had had the money I would have bought a D7100 (for the extra features and ergonomics) but I don't so instead I managed to get my 18-55 ed II lens for free trough a place I worked at and bought the D3200 body just to save 60-ish euro towards getting another lens.  "
Inspired me to roll twice for rvalk.. Got it on the second try :3
"Surely there must be a set of algs that preserves f2l, permutes corners, and doesn't preserve edge orientation? Wouldn't that be much faster than COLL?"
Please see my comments in the above threads.
He was definately considered. I think flip wanted to coach regardless and the guys he was interviewing kind of picked up on that.
Thanks for responding. If the book is much better then the movie. I wonder if it would be nice to see a remake base more on the pages in the book. Even if it has to be a two part movie. Like some book adoption to film.
"&gt; Or setting up a ""planned economy"". 

he DOES. Remember, he's never had a real job."
Do you mind me asking what your favourite song of the EP is? Mine personally is Emoji or Downhearted
"I have never seen it, but shit shows can be successful. The quality of the show has nothing to do with how much the actor's gonna be worth."
"Statistically, you did not go to Harvard or a Harvard equivalent. 

This is basic shit. You're trying to argue a to the grave simply because you got called out. Bush is more highly educated than you are. It's that simple. "
to be clear current rate is 78 rubles per dollar
"Plata no es, oro no es. Que es? Platano!
It's not silver, it's not gold. What is it? Banana!"
"If they were really concerned about that wouldn't they give us an option to appear afk or offline? Like, whenever we get online every other person absolutely knows it and we have to abide by their system. "
Mmmmmm frack yeah
"I came here to say ""hole in shoe so they get wet feet"", but all of the responses here are much more evil. "
"I do two solid colors, one for each arc. I color code them per faction. Menoth is red and eggshell, Mercs are green and black, Trolls are blue and brown, Legion is pink and black."
"Near Buffalo.

Mind you its small, in a small town, doesn't allow pets, is half basement and I have drunk people bang on my door once in a while."
thats not sexuality...
"Ok. "
How do you keep all the initials straight? And how do you think up 16 different names? Also just in general how does she pay for 8 kids?
https://www.instagram.com/p/BA0o88dDuAF/?taken-by=thefatjewish
"Or I'm underestimating  them.     
Defense? Sure. But the whole 5-foot step to avoid an AOO? Dunno, for me this does sound really game-y. On the other hand I never like that move. 

Also I must say I do not play Pathfinder/DnD anymore. In games like Runequest and so on creatures feel different without that much work, because of their weapons and how that all mechanically works together.  
"
"It's okay, you soon will. "
"But that doesn't really solve the issue of Warthogs in Warzone. Past level 3 REQ's all have easy BR's. 

Does anyone know if the better warthogs give gunners more defence?"
[deleted]
":(, Sorry man, was trying to be funny, swing and a miss this time.

See, you said that jokes shouldn't be allowed here, so I was playfully suggesting that means you should leave. The suggestion being that you're a joke.

I don't really want you to leave, you're cool, your account is cool too. Have a good one, no hard feelings :)"
"Father time in undeafted. How does a player not being the player he used to be fall on Kubiak? "
"oh i agree, absolutely. i just mean that the 100% pop music and no organ at all isnt working. david may was great. even had his own solos during intermission. organs and hockey just go together. always have"
You could have damaged the inner layerthat holds air if there was too much heat buildup while driving around. Only way to tell is to keep an eye on tire pressure and see if it drops.
Don't apologize. Just approach her and make small talk. Then ask her on a date. It's very straightforward. You will regret it for the rest of your life if you don't.
[removed]
"Concrete Angel by Martina McBride
OR
What Do You Say by Reba McEntire. 
CMT did a Top Ten Sad Songs list and I watched for shits and gigs. Was not alright afterwards."
"I just looked it up, and you weren't kidding, lol."
"Is there like an extension or something we could download to just see the front page as it would be without mod intervention? If not, someone much smarter than I should get on that. "
cyka blatt
"noice, pinpoint guard"
[deleted]
Anything is possible in writing.
"A.haku a.haku akechi claire.

I run this and it murders everything. A hypermaxed version should be able to do anything outside of Arena 2.0, I think.

Everything but akechi is optional. Akechi allows you to heal to full+kill at will, which if not necessary is incredibly nice.

And yeah, 2/3 boards with hakus.

I don't like pandora because her health blows and she's too close to akechi but worse in this team(in a lot of teams, really).

You will never need durga - it seems like a good combination but you can shield up and tank a good 95% of the attacks in the game, and that gives you a turn of stalling.

"
Would be cool if you could do a T model with a Fire Serpent!
[deleted]
Was originally posted on /r/vancouver with a slightly editorialized title
Lesbian feminazi go to special heaven with Isis when they die.
"Technically, they are.  The Republic of China (the state's name) took over when the Chinese Empire collapsed and are simply on exile in the Taiwan Isle when they lost the civil war to the Communist party, who then established the People's Republic of China (The PRC that we know and *love* today).

The typical Taiwanese probably doesn't care as long as there are jobs and the economy is flourishing."
[](/rapplederp) Do we have to use Apple Pay?
"the others are east coast...is he going to the Great Lakes?....

I'm too good looking to wear Tom Hardy...

I'm also extremely self centered....

I sometimes shower without clothes on....
could you imagine?  (don't it's gross I'm too old and male....)"
"Not gunna lie, I think he just had a shit ton of problems not in his control which should be sorted out now. It happens to the best of us lol. "
"&gt;Some other subreddits handle this issue by having a recurring Q&amp;A thread 

There is a new one posted here every Monday and Tuesday every week and always linked in the sidebar. Occasionally, it stays up as a sticky for longer. This week's is here: https://www.reddit.com/41hnml"
But it disables my extensions.
fredbug tells you about this before the ending. its no glitch. well not really.
I was thinking the same thing when I was watching
"*With specialization often comes tunnel-vision. When your expertise is limited to, let’s say, art, level design, performances or whatever, you’ll eventually convince yourself that it’s the most important thing in the game. People become biased towards their own expertise. It makes decision-making a lot more complicated. More often than not, it’s the loudest voice who wins… even if it doesn’t make much sense.*

YES YES YES. This is a great point, and it's everywhere in game design, and collaboration more broadly. On a team of specialists, each person thinks their piece is the whole system."
"Billy at Spike-o-Matic is halfway through a half-sleeve for me and every session I leave just blown away by how it's going. His linework is steady and his color is *amazing.* Could not recommend him, or anyone at Spike for that matter, any higher."
"Because ""Just be an interesting person and people will like you"" is akin to the advice of ""just be yourself"".  The spirit of the thread is to figure out specific ways to change one's personal behavior so as to gain some sort of work-life balance.  By using the behavior of women as a point of reference I am usually able to give another a point of reference which just makes it ""click"" inside their heads.


I understand that you may be upset by your perception of what was written, but you must also take into consideration that the well being of another human person is at stake.  Sometimes the situation calls for brevity and a disregard for political correctness in order to accomplish a goal."
"Zero cardio. Lift hard, diet properly, and clen to cut. Cardio is great for health though"
"Hey honey, i'm home! *accidentally kicks huge aquarium* 

SPLOSH aww shit the whole damn kitchen is flooded...
"
ainakin Lappeenrannan linnoituksen kettu söi kädestä viime kesänä. Ei tosin tainnut silitettäväksi suostua
[He didn't do nothing.](http://i.imgur.com/RGOxa5j.png)
"Couldn't agree more at this point. LeBron has been orchestrating this season. Gilbert broke the bank and paid everyone all the money they wanted, now he has the coach he wants in place, the team is healthy, LETS GO! No more excuses! "
Stray nail in greenhouse. Running around a farm.
"He's the CO.

taichou is not an actual rank in the Japanese military, it refers to commanding officer.

Itami's still a 1LT despite having over 10 years in the service."
"Star Wars Card Trader  
Who knew it could be so fun  
To collect Qui-Gon  "
"Shoverly is dead, long live pitchforks!"
"My bad bro, hope you're all right. "
Go Gators! 🐊🐊🐊
"what are you going on about, nothing like hearing the shitty cover of Smooth Criminal by Alien Ant Farm whenever someone puts the radlo on"
Yeah eventually
only 1 episode this year..NOOOOO
"You honestly think Straight Outta Compton warranted a Best Director nomination? That's insane. There are at least a dozen Directors more deserving this year. 

As for Coogler, he's in the top 10 but much closer to #8-9 than top 5. "
"I'm always just hoping someone will come put a finger in there. 


Actually the last time I saw this was 3rd grade and it was weird even then. Nobody does this. "
"""it's all pipes!"""
I don't know why people don't understand this yet....run around the map and they will spawn. You can't sit at extraction. This crap comes up every day and no one seems to listen.
"&gt; that's why I frequent the smaller subs now.

Boasting--in the biggest default subs--about all the small subs you subscribe to is Reddit's equivalent of insufferable hipsterism."
"&gt; Nobody just writes in the tip and leaves the total blank. I worked in the restaurant business across the country for 10 years, and I never once saw somebody do that.

I used to do this when ordering delivery. They eventually had a driver tell me I had to write a total. It's not always obvious, because I just thought it was pointless redundancy. "
It's all laid out in the analysis up top. the commenters who i pasted that to all made an oversight i addressed very early on. pasting the lines that best-addressed the oversight succinctly was the way i chose to go with.
Babe?
Awesome! I just finished watching the Season 3 Patch Note VOD. I'm super excited for some of the new defensive items as well as the new Joust map.
[removed]
[removed]
"If you enjoy watching him make sure to check out his stream. He is super nice and friendly and always interact a lot with the chat, as well as streaming quite a lot. :)  

http://www.twitch.tv/rubinoeu "
"&gt; You're saying that the US didn't need to invade because it already felt strategically safe, yet another one of your points talks about the Bay of Pigs. If you're whole thesis is ""if a sufficiently powerful country wants a certain thing, that thing will probably eventually happen"" how does that support your point? Because obviously the US wanted to invade bad enough to (sorta) try, yet that desire never was fulfilled.

&gt; You go on to talk about how there wasn't any need for an invasion, but your FIRST point was talking about the invasion. So one of those is not correct. Either we wanted it invaded or we didn't. Either it was accomplished or it wasn't.

The word Invasion in the name Bay of Pigs Invasion seems to be confusing you. US was not sending in its own front line Military. 
The US was using its financial muscle to help the forces against Castro. With a limited military assets, like planes and hardware and training.  

This because they didn't want to annex the Island themselves, they just wanted regime change and were doing the bare minimum to that end. There was no need for US to control the Island on ground because it was irrelevant to do so for them. US was not bothered to place anything on the Island to challenge someone, that someone was on the other-side of the Atlantic Ocean.  

If the US wanted to annex Cuba, Cuba would be annexed. Period.  


US wanted regime change not territory. Regime change was not accomplished and Cuba was cut off from the world for 5 decades basically. That is what the embargo did.  

It just said to Cuba, get the fuck off. It could say so because Cuba was not a strategic threat to US and the time it came close US acted decisively.  

&gt; Secondly, one of your main points is about the difference in shared culture. How do you reconcile that with your previous statement that the people don't matter when geostrategic concerns are great enough? Isn't that an argument pointing to the people?

People don't matter after a certain point, there is no vacuum.  
Plus in reply to you i used the term shared history.  
The practical implication of this is, Taiwan is not a de jure sovereign Nation State. Cuba was is.  

There is no asymmetrically favoring of one over the other. 

Your original comment needed just a single sentence reply, i.e. The Monroe Doctrine.  
I tried to give an expanded view trying to provide proper context for the American situation, you seem to have mistaken it as being asymmetric argument. Its not.  

The mainland doesn't just want the Island for Nuclear concerns, that is a very minor subset of larger strategic matters. 

As already stated in other comment, currently every time a Chinese ship(military or civilian), plane, sub goes to the Pacific, its under constant surveillance by superior tactical positions of Taiwan, Japan and the US (plus others).  

The US NEVER had this post the effectiveness of the Monroe Doctrine.  

The mainland will not allow this to continue to perpetuity because they are not idiots. They are humans and they will make the natural decision that any human group will make in that situation and that is to neutralize the Island Chains(there are more than one chain and different ones are separate debates on their own) threat vector. "
"No.. I said configure a uwsgi_params and configure DJANGO then said the word that referring to it all as a whole. I never said or meant DJANGO alone... I'm not trying to get specific and turn this into semantics.

My point was that I can install DJANGO,install uwsgi, put a uwsgi_params file in my project and crete a config for nginx to know some stuff

Then ill have my DJANGO project serving through my web server (not literally I just mean that now I can go to the ip and see my project in action)

What I'm getting at is I will have still not done anything specific with uwsgi it's just there at this point. Sure it's working but I haven't configured processes or anything. It's just running in a default state.

The take away is I'm asking how to get the most out of uwsgi. How to configure it"
Grandma got run over by a reindeer.
The hand makes it all work
"Check the coolant flange. My 2000 New Beetle TDI (also a manual) had a leak that resulted in a puddle at the same location.

My flange was aluminum but I've heard they can be plastic as well. Turned out in my case only the o-rings inside were damaged and I could have reused the housing, but it all came as a kit.

[This is kind of what mine looked like](http://i.imgur.com/CCIImp8.jpg) except I had three opening on the top (right part of the image). The o-ring in mine that was damaged was the big one that sets in the groove in the left part of the image. The coolant was leaking out of those two grooves since the o-ring was broken.

The flange is located on the driver's side of the engine block in my TDI; I wouldn't be surprised if it is in the same location for the gasoline engine.
"
"official forums and rpgmaker.net

they both have dedicated collab subforums"
I know a lot of people that bought a Wii u for Splatoon. It's worthy of the awards it received. It's the best multiplayer since COD 4
It was a joke.
"I've given this more thought, and i am starting to see where you're coming from. The Ayahuasca experience could possibly work, but with people being so different and having completely different reactions to the substance, it may not work at all. 

If someone took dmt with the intent to reform so they stop murdering or other crimes worthy of the death sentence it may work of course, but releasing criminals after they say the drug has worked could turn out badly."
"It's a very long story...but I'll try.

It started in early December when my gym had a Christmas party. The older woman in question came over and hung out with my gf all night, I wasn't super happy but hung out with everyone else but in the morning I saw some questionable messages on Facebook between the two(I know, shouldn't have been snooping.)
Fast forward to just after Christmas and we are out with some friends and supposed to continue our night but my gf complains she has a headache and goes home and says she'll pick me up. I call her around 2am and she says she can't because she is drunk in another city and had picked up by a friend and can't get a cab...I find out later in the morning that it wasn't the friend in question, but this older woman and another lady from our gym. I get really upset and she cries and apologizes. The next day we need to fly down to Florida to visit my parents for New Years so I lay down some ground rules, like no talking to this woman, etc.
However, New Years morning I can't find my phone so I pick up hers to call mine and I see a text to Older Woman saying ""I just wanted to hear your voice😘💁🏼"" so I just lose it. She says she doesn't remember, and asks what she can do to fix this. I say delete her, don't talk to her anymore, and you have some major sucking up to do. But I realize when we get back to the gym things would be super awkward so I tell her to send her a message(while I'm there) explaining what was going on etc. Older Woman says she thought the text from GF was super weird and pissed off her girlfriend too, and that we should all hang out. I tentatively agree..and we hang out, and it's actually pretty fun.
Then my girlfriend explains to me that she wants this woman to sleep in our bed, just cuddle, no sex stuff etc. I'm okay with that, but when we all get in bed GF was in the middle and I put my arm around both of them, and GF was super angry, I wasn't to touch Older Woman and she couldn't touch me. We get in a big fight. We tried again this past weekend and same thing ensued, giant fight, I left. I am feeling super shitty because I feel like my GF is always picking this woman over me: when I get upset and leave the room they just keep cuddling, or move to our spare room and cuddle there.
Last night they wanted to try it sober. I just wanted a night alone with my girlfriend to talk but that didn't happen so I agree. They cuddle, I intermittently get cuddles from my girlfriend but they are always just one hand on my arm, etc, while she will completely turn her back to me to cuddle Older Woman. I had a horrible sleep and was upset. 
Flashforward to now: we have tickets to a concert in Seattle and Older Woman booked a hotel(which cost her over 500USD because of the shit Canadian dollar right now), otherwise I would cancel this trip. We leave in the morning. "
Probably when I was younger
"What LeBron wants, LeBron gets"
Thank you
"it has to be done by the prosecutors, not by the complainant. "
"Hated how the HP movies ruined that. In the book the ""moving staircases"", were staircases that lead to other parts of the castle at random moments. Not moving staircases. 

Also I was expecting: allways. ;)"
would you mind sharing the rent?
yeah mods think they're fuckin Obama with their virtual trophies and virtual points and virtual privileges ...
LeBron pulling a Hillary here
[deleted]
"That Slash, specifically, is a rarer variant with the purple belt with red S. You can get some decent cash for that one alone."
"I just got back from an electronics store where I was browsing the games.  One game had a small, one-line disclaimer on the back: ""Basic reading comprehension is required to fully enjoy this product.""

I literally facepalmed right there in the store."
What do you suspect it was used for?  A time capsule?  A civil defense shelter?
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I came here to say just this, totally looks like a street in Kathmandu."
"sleep tight, pupper"
"Would be nice! "
Down: 1/22/2016
[deleted]
"I didn't look it up, but it just seemed grandfather was more logical. Amazing that a father fought in the ACW and son commanded in WWII.

Research is easy...I should take a few minutes to get my facts straight."
"The law about waiting a week is not correct, it's actually only three days.  

&gt;Fulton County Ordinance 34-317 (c): Any animal impounded under the provisions of this article shall be held a minimum of three days from the day of impoundment..

&gt;(d) Impounded animals not claimed within three days of the day of impoundment or at the end of the quarantine period shall be disposed of (euthanized) in a humane manner as approved by the health department or its designee.

Pretty shitty, seems like it *should* be a week.  "
"Check your game library, also check storage management, I believe it's in the settings and delete the fifa file in there."
Very true
learn to read
"I'm playing a sign/igni build on 2nd highest difficulty  and it's been pretty easy as long as I have room to dodge and I'm patient. I have 5/5 strong attacks, 3/3 potions skill that lets you dodge with toxicity, and I'm working my way thru signs maxing igni, I just got my first point into the last talent of it but can't equip it yet. This is my third play thru, my final will be full potions on death march. I've noticed that too though, once you get 15-20 the game is noticeably easier. "
BUT DARTH SERIOUS BURNETT? I MADE A THEORY ABOUT THAT!
"I filled my moms freezer with 40 oz bottles once being a stupid teenager and when I went to get them the next morning they were all frozen and had leaked out of the 'seal' between the cap and the bottle.

 The seal is air tight but not strong enough to battle the force of the freezing liquid expanding. Generally the cap should give before the vessel breaks but due to the bottle-neck itself being a sort of weak point the bottle can shatter at the neck before the (liquid) has a chance to exit through the cap. 

 It can also freeze IN the neck and restrict access to the cap by blocking the neck off and effectively sealing the container (under the neck) in full."
Bournemouth are a much better team than us sadly
"""This kills the chicken."""
"Did you read what I wrote?

I was there march 2011. in April 2011(like one or two weeks after I was there) they shut down christiania to the public. It was shut down for about five months until they agreed to pay for the land instead of squatting.

so, there was an interruption. it was just 5 years ago."
"Sorry, what's the current selective pressure against lactose intolerance?  Why do you think lactose intolerant people have fewer surviving offspring?  If you don't think that, why would expect alleles associated with it to reduce in frequency in the population?"
"Yes, let us flee so that the ""invaders"" can liberate our own homes. I wouldn't be able to stand the hypocrisy either. "
"k i will an english version. propably one episode every week. I will post my english version later.
"
"I have a [python script](https://github.com/frakman1/lifxscreen2) that does this for a windows desktop screen:


I also have an [iOS app](https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1012474625?ct=null&amp;pt=null&amp;mt=8) that uses the camera to change the LIFX bulbs"
[deleted]
Oh it was haha
Asking about valentines on lgbteens tut tut tut. You are just asking for a hailstorm of forever alone comments.
"I do not believe you can. Don't mess with the invisible hand. "
"Think you replied to the wrong comment, but I think Hack had a case of David Carr syndrome"
**Approved**
"I considered that if there is a defensive coach hired, he would probably want Bosa. Whether the analytics that will be in place will affirm that or trump that, I don't know. I also considered that the Browns might be able to trade back up into the 1st round to take a QB, but one of the tenants of analytics it seems is to keep/acquire picks...so maybe thats not possible."
"There are quite a few options too, theres a FB Ballard i forgot about, Just waiting for a POTG hansen to pop up for my 4th line, grabner is too expensive for 4th line but still really tempted, going to update original post with the team with new cards i found "
Keep it! And use rifled barrel! That sounds like a God roll!
Explain why!
HOW!? MAN HOW?!
Unfortunately I don't think so. Gotta admit. I did tilt a little out of panic and died as leoric a couple of times when I shouldn't have but I don't think it would help. We had a laning lili an abathur bot and kael got 5 man ganked level 1. They pushed both towers down and the wall after the first wave of minions. the fort down to 1/4th health before I got there. I'm the first to admit I cold have played better but at this level of cheese I don't think a pro leoric would have been able to do much more :/
"&gt; and a few mods will end up dead.

I suppose the silver lining there is that I would probably show up as more than ""...and 4 more"" in the mod box."
"This thread is hilarious. "
I see your point but the Olympics is kind of different don't you think? That's a every 4 years event. Take a year off and train the next 3... Seems logical. To take 3 months of a every year sport when you're no. 2 seems a lot different to me. I'd expect those guys to be practicing weekly at the least
"Anyone have any hot tips for low profile, low power consumption GPUs?  Looking to add one to an older machine. Only one expansion slot available, and no 6-pin. 

I've looked at the 7750 and a couple low pro GTX 750s, but nothing is a good deal for Canada right now"
"Hi, I'm a chef with a limited knowledge of science beyond chem, bio, and gastronimy.  I keep seeing autism diagnosed I'm kids that I knew and thought were normal.  It reminds me of when I was a kid and they told me I had ADDHD and needed to take meds.  I was on them for years and had tons of tests.  So, back to piont.  Is this the same thing?  I'm mean if a kid is shy they get labeled with autism just like I loved to run around and climb trees and was forced to eat Ritalin.  I'm asking honestly and if you don't answer that is fine.  "
Orange cats are usually pretty chill like that.
Can we have this guy do an AMA? I'd love to ask him about what he imagined OOT looking like in his head.
Cheese Pizza
Die Warschauer ist ja auch ein ekelhafter Ort.
"I'm guessing it's because of the low player base on our server.  Less people to generate as much gold as they have.  "
It is likey to be the migrants. Do you have a plausible alternative?
"It is more dangerous.  

I wasn't saying distraction isn't dangerous.  Just 2nd most dangerous. "
"It took us several thousand years to invent the TV (1927), then it took about 45 years to invent the LCD (early 1970's), it took another 30 years for the adoption of the LCD(late 90's)... 

1994 saw the commercially available HMD, and now in 2016 it's gaining in popularity and development by leaps and bounds.

If 12 years from now the HMD is as common as the LCD monitor...  The world will be a beautiful place."
"I will be a Warrior fan for life. Iggy joined the Warriors because what he saw during the 2013 playoffs. Is Iggy a bandwagoner too? Is Iggy a fake Warrior? You should leave right now. There is no room for such rude people in Dub Nation. A real Warrior fan should want more people to join Dub Nation. "
wait i had to watch it too but i dont remember it.. guess i tuned it out. cheers!
"Awesome :)

I'm at work now, but I'll be home and online later (wavecutter and angry face are in channel i bet right now, they're pretty cool)"
"I am very self-aware of my clothing, but to the point that I will wear the same 3 dresses all week (same type of dress, different colour), but interchanging them with the same kind of 3 different coloured tops.  That same ensemble has lasted years, and I always look dapper, and feel comfortable. 

In essence, I feel as though my clothing is always the same, but the colour code changes so that the outward appearance looks different.
"
[deleted]
"I am not misunderstanding, I am disagreeing :-)

Employees have minimal employment protection. The right to fair dismissal ie not for race age etc. A fair dismissal is very easy to achieve, I know from experience. Got three roles, combine them into two, interview everyone, let one go. Easy, a few weeks notice. Under two years employment, no expectation of a tribunal so, really, the process can be a sham, you get rid of employees you don't ""like"". 

So the employee is in a weak position, given that their actual survival depends on continued employment and there are usually more workers than jobs. The employer is in a very strong position. So they can change the contract of employment when they feel like it. So we, over the years have created the right to protest against this though temporary withdrawal of labour - at loss of wage of course. This right is already negotiated through law - you don't need to re-negotiate it with the employer. And it comes with backing by law to enable it's use. Without that, it could not be used. 

If we are now saying that striking will result in dismissal then fine, we have removed the ""right"" to strike. We just need to be clear on that. I don't think that has been clearly agreed by the uk electorate. "
"bref, on ne juge plus le talent..."
"I don't have any wifi event to add AFAIK. But I probably have some trophy shinies if you're interested. I think I can add a spare shiny Chikorita I have. I'd just have to find the /r/SVExchange thread, and that may take a bit."
This sub?
thanks for posting this
"&gt;I just kind of turned and I said ""Listen, I love your daughter and I love your son. But your biggest accomplishment was sucking a cock and getting knocked up by a guy with money, so no matter what your drunk white trash says about me at least I have accomplished more in life than taking a few loads and having a good lawyer.""

This sounds like something I would have came up with in the shower a couple hours later. However, it did give me a semi erection."
"I would do the same thing but as a student, I don't have the money to take the loss in between trading cards"
Worse - Schleswig-Holstein but born in Ostfriesland ... And here comes the jokes ...
wow Fernando's a real heartless bastard then
"What sort of snipers are you fighting that don't cloak, move left 1m, and blow your head off through the shield gap?"
"We'll get them one day, you just have to believe. I mean... I have them, but we'll get 6* one day."
"If he was so good people would spell his name right. "
"If I were you I'd move on to bulk substrates, FAE and moisture become less of an issue and the yields can be insane. "
too late. Inman Square was rated the #1 most competitive housing market in the country by Redfin (Beacon Hill made the top 10 as well). We beat San Fran. Maybe San Fran will be the next Boston.
"The interview is from 1987. Lol, he was already irrelevant 30 years ago!"
"Did anyone elses showing have green film scratches, a curved black bar on the bottom as well as flickering light that was noticable during outdoor scenes? Couldnt tell if some or all of this was added or just a bad 70mm showing."
"Picked them up from a local Facebook group. "
"Me too. 

It's not a flair issue, as I deleted the user flair for that user and it persists (they had blank flair anyways). 

Very strange. "
I agree. Fire pits are an essential part to any decent camp. Having to make one every time gets kinda annoying.
"Body: Exfoliate every second day with a Korean scrubby towel thing. Moisturize (Nivea Smooth lotion) about every day. Wax/sugar hair every couple of weeks. Use hand cream a couple of times a day, and sometimes cuticle oil or Mavala nail cream at night if nails are in bad shape. Nail polish from time to time (mostly Chanel). A little perfume most days.

Hair: Shampoo every second day (Kerastase) and condition the ends with something cheaper. A little oil on the ends sometimes if they are looking dry. That's it.

Face (AM): Cleanse with gentle face wash (Yes to Cucumbers). Plain rosewater as a toner. Face lotion with SPF (Murad Essential-C). Eye cream (currently Dr Brandt Glow). Make up varies day to day - I can be quite lazy. My favourites tend to be Dior, (Hydralife BB cream, Diorskin Nude hydrating concealer, 5-in-1 artistry eye palettes, Iconic mascara). I usually wear a little blush (Bobbi Brown or Too Faced) and sometimes lipstick. Always mascara, even if I'm just going to the supermarket. 

Face (PM): Cleanser (Cellex-C). Alternate between Retin-A, glycolic acid (MD Forte 1), and a night cream (currently L'Oreal Revitalift) or serum. Eye cream (currently La Roche-Posay Redermic) and lip balm (ROC Enydrial).

Face (periodically): Eyebrows threaded every week or two. Mud mask every week or two if I can be bothered. Botox (forehead) every few months since since early thirties. I also get free facials from the Botox place a couple of times a year.

Other: get enough sleep, try to exercise, try to eat plenty of vegetables, and force myself to drink at least one glass of water for every cup of coffee during the day.

My skin type is pretty normal, slightly oily around the T-zone and only sensitive from the Retin-A. I usually change the routine a bit depending on the season (e.g. use a heavier night cream in the winter, etc.). My hair is fine and straight.

I hope this helps. Sorry to hear about your breakup, and I hope 2016 turns out to be a great year for you."
"I don't think I value it that high, unless you were also able to redeem it for me."
I also just looked over the phone records and the call that was made at 4:35 looks like it was made from Chicago Illinois
[deleted]
"8 league titles, 9 cups, 2 european finals under Franco. Yeah, he really doomed the club ! They suffered earlier during the civil war, but once it was over the club grew back to its true level in the 40's and became even bigger than before as it was the pride of Catalunya. If Franco wanted to stop Barça's ascention, the Camp Nou wouldn't be there and the socios wouldn't have been able to hold elections, they wouldn't have been able to get Cruijff.

"
"It's what was implied. I'm pretty sure English is the main culture in Gibraltar, for the time being."
"Hey :)! Thank you for the update and I hope all has been well! I actually really lucked out and found a BN one on /r/Makeupexchange for like $15 shipped or something like that and just decided to grab it since to me it's still such a unique color. 

The JSC and KVD dupes are good to know though! I own CP's LAX and it's supposed to be a spot on dupe for Vampira, but I haven't busted it out yet. I'm always okay with having more dark red shades though ahaha.

Can't remember if I said it or not already, but I grabbed Miami Nights too! The formula is really....interesting. The mousse part is throwing me off. 

Thank you SO much for this again. Sounds like Canada needs to get their act together and fix the dollar value asap. Want me to message you if I ever see a Havana Nights pop up anywhere for a good-decent price?"
"Yeah sorry, the article is dated 2014, I couldn't find anything after that date."
"What good are your screen protectors if they still let the iPhone's screen crack. Then I'll be paying $9 and the price for a screen replacement. So really it is about which screen protector is better. I would rather pay the $13 for a Spigen screen protector which I know is of a high quality. "
Lol
"For et par uger siden så jeg en mand lægge and på en kvinde i Føtex, hun var ikke helt med på den, hvilket resulterede i hun blev kaldt en uptight fuckbitch foran alle andre.

Udover at kunne ""berige"" mit ordforråd tror jeg ikke manden var seksualforbryder, bare idiot."
But why?
"To be quite honest with you, I dont give a shit about this arguement. We both have our own views, and were not going to change"
"Seems more or less fair :) "
"MN beer is better in my opinion, but you got me on the cheese"
"I am. I'm a good kid who plays soccer. "
Woman's day needs more bullets also that isn't mine.
"Kaas...man I know he had a rough time in the LCS but I did not think he looked good here at all. Caught out of position multiple times, drawing his team into fights that were very suboptimal.

Hats off to MIL. The quad global comp with TF/Shen both with TPs is tough to pull off. Really showed their team work and ability to apply map pressure. 

I think Huma should have put Godbro on more of a carry champ. His Azir yesterday was insane. I am pretty sure it was banned today though"
"My dining room table.  It's an antique table with a tile top.  When my cat finishes his breakfast, he'll attack the table.  Sometimes he'll hiss at it, sometimes he'll pounce at it, other times he'll run by and smack it with his paw.

When he's done I feel safer.  Never know, that table could be out to get me."
thank you :) it is beautiful :)
"I would be very interested in seeing logs from these attacks, I designed a very effective DDoS mitigation architecture for the pool I operate and can do an analysis on the type of attack to see if it was an actual DDoS or just one user doing a GET flood(a type of layer 7 attack). The largest attacks are typically layer 4 since they can use various reflection techniques to amplify the attack(which can be in the hundreds of Gbits/sec) although I have seen layer 7 attacks as high as 70Gbits/s. Layer 4 are easier to filter if you have a good provider since you can just drop UDP packets while layer 7 you probably need something like cloudflare if the attack is big enough, for any site like yours which doesn't require user interaction you can use nginx and/or cloudflare as a cache to improve performance under heavy load. If anyone has logs or tcpdump traffic captures from an attack on XT nodes I would also be very interested in seeing those since I have yet to see any hard evidence that they are happening and not just the nodes using a lot of bandwidth(which is quite normal). A node can easily saturate a non-data-center grade connection under normal operations."
"How did people survive back then? It feels like just did whatever the fuck they wanted. "
Will there be a karaoke machine?
"This story seems extremely flawed. "
"Yeah the only custom bases i've made are for my warbiker orks and for my scratch built kustom mega kannons.


I think if i did a custom base for each of my billion ork boys i would be about 80 by the time i finished."
I wear a purple +1 stripe.
"I personally hate videos as a conveyance of information as I can read at many multiples of someone yammering at me.

I automatically skip video and look for a transcript (heh) so I'd say roll the video but also provide a summation of transcript."
holy fuck the salt
"It depends on what you're looking for in an RPG.

Do you want more of a traditional CRPG where skills and dialogue checks make the differences? Then you'd probably like New Vegas more.

But if you want an RPG where your *actions* determine the changes to the world/story, Fallout 4 is fucking fantastic. Unlike Oblivion, 3 and NV, FO4 has a lot more physical actions you can do to complete any given quest. Very few quests are just a straight shot linear path through, though the decisions you make are almost always presented as completely optional, and not spoken about by an NPC or displayed on your quest log as optional legs. You just have to recognize what's going on, and how you can make things go a different way by pulling a switch, hacking a terminal, going through a different door, killing or sparing something, etc.

It could have been better if they also put in more traditional systems so you have both; but I personally would much rather have change occur from my action or inaction rather than picking option A or B in a dialogue prompt. The only thing a dialogue prompt should change is how that particular NPC views you."
You had me at Livin' la Vida Loca.
"I see your point, but the whole thing about insecureness of 0-conf is questionable, after what I read I see it is no less secure than RBF, however, much more useful."
Like [Bob?](https://www.youtube.com/user/BobRossInc)
"You're talking about comment faces. Yeah comment faces would be cool. 

[I actually made some over on](https://www.reddit.com/r/Sayaka/wiki/commentfaces) /r/Sayaka although maybe I made them to big and maybe I could have been more thorough when fast forwardning trying to find good reactions. But it's decent enough for being limited to mostly sayaka I guess.

So if the mods want the code for it I could help them out.

[Another good example is /r/animes comment faces, they actually bothered to animate some of them.](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/commentfaces)
"
There will not be any more Kimuras in production. The K11 is the last of the line.
[deleted]
"I still have ""bridge"" blocked on /r/minecraft."
He's being voted into the hall of fame today.  That is something.
[removed]
"Or the shapeshifter turned into an egg so Ford could ""discover"" him"
Amy Schumer's new boyfriend
"Just for you, Chip Kelly."
"Last time I tried using the FreeBSD bindist with Stack it didn't work because it needed some special arguments to `./configure` and Stack expects the defaults to work.  If those arguments to ./configure are consistent on all FreeBSD systems, we could teach Stack to pass them in, although in that case I don't understand why they're not the defaults for configure anyway.  Adding FreeBSD support to Stack is tracked here: https://github.com/commercialhaskell/stack/issues/1253. "
"Good thing it's not a *Hen* Solo "
"Thank you for your very kind words!!  Carry that forward and we can all do wonderful things in this revolution!!

I am in Helotes, Texas which is basically just Northwest of San Antonio.  Is your daughter in Southern Texas?"
"--&gt; western 

u mean aryan idiot christianity = aryan + jewish beliefs it has nothing to do with europe"
They can survive ANYTHING with New Light™.
Genius.
"wrg,fulz"
I am also brown guy and wanted to do the same but apprehensive. So lets see maybe after france lifts its emergency how conditions are but this is going to make a lot of travellers nervous about europe.
50% of BOTH contracts retained by PHI?!
"I'm glad he and Andrea are beasts because it reflects how awesome they are in the comic. And so I'm gutted I don't have either 5* Jesus or Andrea(4* even).

If anything, why is Tyreese and Glenn always support? Hammer god and the best supply runner?

"
No deck would waste an owl turn two.
NTSU? SWT? wat?
[deleted]
"Will be bald in three years, right when the acne starts going away.  "
"Got XL Shark 10/10 condition UK based, PM me man.

http://imgur.com/a/RkLAn"
"4

Thank you. I heard nothing but good stuffs about this game. Looking forward to experiencing it eventually."
A very large dome.
"Yes, probably the same acid he himself fell into."
"I remember reading that Myers and Carvey both injured their necks in an earlier take, and were trying to move them as little as possible through most of the film"
You're so good to me.
"I know of no reason, other than weight, why they should not use nitrogen to pressurize the RP1 tank, and the legs. They might need to heat the tank as it becomes depleted, but I think they would want to do that anyway, to get more pressure for the same amount of gas.

One advantage of helium is that with its very low boiling point, you don't have to worry about the tank freezing as you draw down the gas in it.

You must use helium in the oxygen tank, since nitrogen has almost the same density as oxygen, so it would mix too thoroughly into the oxygen and mess up the mixture ratio as the oxygen gets drawn down to the last gasp."
"I used to take three or four. Two is a good starting dose 

I can't handle codeine anymore :( It just makes me very red and itchy and I can't enjoy the high."
Not with oil at $20 a barrel.
"Freddy Mercury would be proud
"
"You can completely drop off texting too, my uncle has a NW plan with minutes only and his data package - texting is not required."
"I've hated my Amari Cooper. I play him at the #2 spot and he constantly drops passes. Baldwin has been amazing for me in the slot. Have you tried Barron at FS? I like Reshad Jones at SS but dislike Quin, and was thinking about picking up Barron. "
It does have the AR # but I think the clones have them as well.
"2014 season Pats V Shitbirds (Ravens): Brady to Edelman to Amendola

2012: Shitbirds stop against us to win the SB. 

^^^Yes ^^^I'm ^^^still ^^^salty"
"If I was Dhoni, I would just leave and fly back home after OZ innings. Fuck these POS bowlers."
"Brett farve won the Superbowl "
"Hq 17

I usually run hookas 

OR sometimes tmeds

My statues are
GBE Mp 28
GBE g 17
GBE g 15
GBE g 15
RR mp 27
TD mp 22
TH mp 18
TD g 8"
Fuck yeah cunts
"Yahoo! Messenger was a big deal and cell phones didn't exist.
"
First interracial kiss on American television... it was out of this world
" Because the character's name is Shenlong, with Shenron being a translation of the name that is, while technically accurate, isn't quite in the spirit of the name in the original. I prefer to go with a happy medium between the two, keeping with the L rather than the R, but chopping off the g at the end."
Dyslexic 21 year old?
&lt;3
That's actually a €500 bill if you look closely.
"What chapters are Ruri's grandpa chapter arcs again? "
I don't know about you...but gas has been at its cheapest in years...
I've never been prescribed any form of psychiatric medication in my life which is what is concerning me regarding asking for a specific category of substance but this seems the safest of my choices
blame his parent for giving him that name &gt;_&lt;
**MUCH BETTER QUALITY AND LENGTH:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9Ur4De7yT8
Sounds good man.
"PM me. Full disclosure, I currently work at one, but I would be more than happy to give you some advice on the space in general and the different fulfillment options out there."
"I f*cking hate this word. The 'glob' part just... ick. "
"Soft spoken, but well spoken."
"M!Morgan fighting with F!Morgan over which Robin is cooler would be exactly like this, but with more confusion and shorter hair."
"I thought I could travel through time during my mania. The weirdest thing I remember was when one of my friends forgot his keys. I vividly remember both dropping the keys down to him from the balcony as well as running down the stairs and handing it to him. 
Also, when I was in the hospital, I had to get my insurance information so I logged into my drive and found a document with the line ""It's like a premonition because his mother is dying."" Needless to say I freaked the f*ck out and deleted it. One of the social workers read it as well but I've long given up looking for explanations for everything that happened during my mania.  "
"Probably why he was nominated for Best Supporting Actor. "
"So obsessed with ""winning"" arguments too"
"Fishnets get me every time. "
"I requested a picture and my source had one. This is in white, not shown, chin spoiler and cowel. http://i.imgur.com/EZQzq5Z.jpg"
[removed]
"I don't know, different people have different par for humor. Like most of Reddit seems to think that the video/gif of Hobbit movies behind the scenes where Martin Freeman just flips off the camera constantly is the pinnacle of humor in the world. Whenever it's posted it gets loads of upvotes and if you question what's so funny you get downvoted to hell. 

I don't find that funny in the least. If anything I think less of Martin, but that's just my opinion. "
I didn't think it was really terrible.  It certainly doesn't have any moments that I remember.
"Yeah especially that one in particular tuned me in to what's going on. It was one moment where HBox was near the ledge, fading in and out with bairs, and Armada was dash dancing in perfect sync but not doing anything, and it went on for like 3 iterations then flowed to some other situation. Someone like Mango probably would have gone in and never let something like that happen, getting his grab/upsmash and sometimes getting hit for it, but with HBox/Armada you get the sense they're playing another game entirely.

It's two players who just are not okay with getting hit by the other, turning the inherent campiness of melee into this super-precise, lightning-fast game of empty pressure and positional advantage. It's cool in it's own way, and the more HBox trains with his training partner, the better he gets and the more exciting it becomes (because he's not dying to randy upsmashes all the time anymore)"
"When I was a teenager in high school, the president was white"
"I have limited education in this area so I'm not sure if that's sarcasm. Living bacteria came about from non living minerals, even if indirectly? 

I actually went to a speaking event recently where a physicist gave a lecture and did a Q&amp;A afterwards, and it seemed from what he said that we still weren't much closer than ""lightning struck a swamp"" or ""RNA went through some serendipitous accretion"" as far as the origins of life here are concerned. What's the latest?"
"MMA, but figured most people here wouldn't have specific experience with that so any experiences would do :)"
id?
[deleted]
"Beware, the greatest evil in the universe... Sarah."
ISIS starts a kickstarter campaign.
I heard fries and started picturing mc donalds fries in the red box oh my god i want some fries now.
"Overall, not that different from stock. However, with lowering spring you are shorting the shock travel so you will likely ride on the bumpstops very frequently. Your bumpstops as well, by now they are probably disintegrated however.
[Search for some cheap alternatives if money is tight](http://www.miataturbo.net/suspension-brakes-drivetrain-49/any-cheaper-alternatives-fcm-bumpstops-48768/) and cut them to link 40-35mm. It will get the job done for looking lowered, but it won't be a good spirited driving setup. "
"Greetings, \/u/RickRiffs!  Your submission from huffingtonpost.com has been automatically removed because it violates Rule 4 (use original, reliable sources).  **The website that you submitted, huffingtonpost.com, frequently quotes other sources for their news or is not a reliable source (such as a tabloid, overly slanted or news blog).**  If you'd like, you can review the article and resubmit from the original source.  [For more information on Rule 4, click here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101#wiki_rule_4.3A__use_original.2C_reliable_sources.)  

For a complete list of domains that are not allowed, [click here](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/autoremoval).  If you're new to \/r/NotTheOnion, you may want to check out [NTO101: An Introduction To \/r/NotTheOnion](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101) for more information on our rules and answers to frequently asked questions.  

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/nottheonion) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"No, youre all wrong it was Shia LeBeouf."
Confirmed where?
"Damn, poor people. I hate it when people get screwed in a bad way.

Sorry about the juice!"
"I've lived in Healy, and used to camp on the Stampede before it was well known. These days there's atv tours all day and businesses constantly popping up. It's a great part of Alaska that has now been ruined. You can't see Healy from the start, and not sure who you talked to, but most people dislike him massively. He was a homeless dick that regularly broke into people's cabins and stole things. Just go on down to the Salton Sea and look at where hi lived down there. The movie also romanticizes that massive dump. Slab city, Salton Sea, California. Check it out. It's a damn trash pile full of homeless people with mental problems. I just visited less than 2 weeks ago because I was in the area and wanted to see. Good luck, it made me nothing but extremely upset."
Iron Fangs are super easy to kill.
"This is tough. I would say yes, they ruined the hashtag. Maybe a little beyond that, too.

Yet efforts such as The Guardian's [The Counted](http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/series/counted-us-police-killings) remain underway. Offshoots are worth something, no?

On a personal note: It's my firm belief that people are always going to co-opt successful political rhetoric, and there's nothing you can do to stop it. For example, the Tea Party was officially a Ron Paul thing yet somehow turned into a Sarah Palin thing. Just thinking about it makes me mad."
"Or Dr. Katz for that matter. "
"&gt;So, /r/Worldnews(an anti-semitic subreddit) suddenly cares about Jews?

&gt;Just a couple of weeks ago, in a thread where a European leader said this refugee crisis was an ""organized invasion"", the most upvoted comment was that it was organized by Jews.

&gt;Nice try by /r/Worldnews to try to act worried, but most people know the actual truth of the situation.......people here don't care about safety of Jews, they just want to hate on refugees. This sub is extremely miserable

Not this sub reddit, whites are."
"I don't know about driving 100 yards not being considered leaving the scene of the accident; but there are several things I do know(now, after some research).

*1:  The speed limit of 2700 West is [40 MPH](https://www.google.com/maps/@40.6534443,-111.9578828,3a,75y,20.01h,90.56t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sF1ulbdybqiR233LyALwj_g!2e0!7i13312!8i6656).  Look for the speed limit sign, the google image is accurate as of August 2015.

*2:  At 40 MPH(assuming she was going the posted speed limit), it takes 5 seconds to cover 100 yards. ([used a calculator for this](http://www.machinehead-software.co.uk/bike/speed_distance_time_calc.html).

The average person has a reaction speed of a quarter of a second (this is to realize something occurred and then reacting to it).

So this could mean several things to me.


Either she was distracted driving, hence her taking so long(in time and distance) to turn around after in essence(according to the article) *smearing* Victoria across the pavement; or she was driving at excessive speeds for her to cover 100 yards quick enough that she was unable to process the event that occurred, thus needing to turn around and double check what she had hit.

Regardless, if the witness testimony that she drove off for 15 minutes after realizing she hit a person is true, then she **did** leave the scene of the accident.


edit:  But you're right, civil case should be a slam dunk."
"That's exactly why what they did was anti-Jewish (technically Palestinians are Semitic). They tried to burn a synagogue presumably not owned or operated by the state of Israel, solely because the people who worship there are the same religion."
[deleted]
"Legal drinking age in USA, but I'm Canadian so it's not a big deal "
"Because feels. Because protecting a woman's feelings matters more than reality. Even if she was a dude for most of her life, and even she's a total cunt. Nope. Feels &gt; realz"
"So what was the total of the piggy banks? "
"That starts the conversion about whether he was *really* a companion though. I mean, I absolutely love Rory, but you have to admit he was Amy's companion, not the Doctor's. He wouldn't have been there if it weren't for her, and he wouldn't have stayed if she left. "
"And likewise you don't have to be working class to be a bogan. 

See: Shane Warne"
[removed]
"The well/water pumps/taps, all that genre of things. Having access to water is pretty important. "
Obvious satire.
Hmm I like where this is going!
Perhaps reasonable.... But we don't want to recreate the governance theocracy of Qt
"Must have really low standards to be hype for mike ross. lol. More hype to see what players like du, diem, yipes (had a really good ken in sf4 before he dropped off), smug, rico suave, ect.. do. 

Have fun rooting for a mediocre player who peeked in a time long forgotten, and was a nobody before that. "
"Am I really the only one who thinks these people should move their cars? I don't like it when people don't park in front of their own houses, it takes up space that could be used for guests or people coming to do work on houses.

Another unpopular opinion- people are giving her shit for being concerned about abandoned vehicles parking in places where they shouldn't be when some soldiers just died? Soldiers die all the time, it's kind of in their job description. I'm sure she didn't post this on the very same day that it happened. Life is allowed to go on after people pass.

Bring on the downvotes!"
"It's the same colors as my grandmother's bathroom. "
"There are a number of beers that are nitrogenated rather than carbonated. Referred to colloquially as ""nitros."" Creamier mouthfeel and very pleasant in general. The most popular one is probably Guinness, but there are many, many others, and many that are not stouts."
"If not for those fucking Hawks, we'd be 74th."
[removed]
[removed]
"Thanks for coming by, if you would like to leave a review, here is my RMM: https://www.reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/40uqn3/roanin/

I would be happy to leave a review for you if you have one :)"
"I really miss this style. "
"Jesus man! Quick is so nonchalant about leaving the crease, it terrifies me constantly."
God damn that is a nice mixed bad. Shot my first pintail this year and ive been kicking myself i didn't mount him. Well done dude
"Because the alternate-frame rendering of SLI doesn't jive with the per-eye rendering of VR HMDs. That's a different beast from delivering a ""2D"" image. Nvidia's GameWorks VR shows great promise, as SLI will have per-eye rendering, meaning each graphics card renders for an eye. 

So technically yes, that would mean each card would only have to render 1080x1200 @ 90 each. Actually gets even better, as GameWorks VR also has Multi-Res Shading;

&gt;Multi-Res Shading is an innovative new rendering technique for VR whereby each part of an image is rendered at a resolution that better matches the pixel density of the warped image. Multi-Res Shading uses Maxwell’s multi-projection architecture to render multiple scaled viewports in a single pass, delivering substantial performance improvements.

So the potential performance improvements in SLI could be immense, much greater than regular SLI usage as you'll see identical scaling per-card, plus reduced requirements with Multi-Res Shading -- Although, that would also work with one card.

But *right now*, I don't know of any developers planning on using this. There's no real multi-GPU implementation in the current SDKs as far as I'm aware, so developers will need to implement either AMD's or Nvidia's VR solution, which mean you would also shut out the 'other side' from using multi-GPU rendering.

And I don't know of many VR specific benchmarks. Most of the showcased experiences seem 'graphically light' to accommodate the higher framerate. However some of the established titles with VR support coming, like DCS and Elite, they will make your card struggle. I believe Elite's recommended requirement is a 980 and up."
Three amazing ladies with amazing ink and an amazing locale. I'm so jealous of them
"Yes, Thatcher had a shotgun in beta. However, the community deemed it OP as you could easily shoot holes in walls to throw EMP  grenades, so no more shotgun."
"I think that:

1) She's jealous of how awesome you looked, so she's spreading rumours about you to hurt you. This isn't a rational thing to do obviously, but perhaps it makes her feel better about her low self-esteem by trying to convince herself and others that you're being abused.

2) To deal with this situation you should confront her. I don't see anything too awful coming from this. At the most innocent, she denies spreading the rumours and comes up with some story as to how her words got twister. At the worst, she throws a fit and makes your brother stop talking to you and you said you two aren't that close anyways. She sounds non-confrontational and fake with her ""you look happy"" comment stuff so I'm willing to bet it'll be ok. "
"I really wanna try some of these low life builds, they seem really cool but yeah i dont have a shavronne's, well, not even my first 6l yet so long road ahead of me."
[oh boy](http://www.cmcstir.org/pr/jardinepr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/simpsons-thumb.jpg)
"Good luck moving a floor jack on that next time you get a flat.
"
"Is that how you normally respond to a challenge to your assertions?

This isn't a campaign debate. If you don't respond to people's assertions, you look either ignorant, cowardly, or lazy. Or some combination thereof."
As it loaded I wad expecting the kids to do the whole animorphs thing and slowly morph into pizza.
I have this pokemon but its late and I'm about to logout. You can add me if you want and I'll add you back some point tomarow when I have a chance
I should buy Aatrox.
"Played a couple games at the end of the Torts season, been at Utica ever since."
"Zil is in shen's bloodmoon splash "
Same. I could watch that movie over and over and over again. It was just great.
"It did, and for reasons."
Wtf yes it is? I don't know what you've been drinking buy molly water tastes exactly what a pill tastes like after you've bitten it. Chalky and gross but worth it. Sometimes.
cops who don't turn their heads at police corruption are fired
[deleted]
Pm sent
[deleted]
"You should be banned. this is the second time you've posted this, and both times without nsfw"
Old enough to party.
"I have Monty, Bree, Brom, and Krell at lvl 20 and Gilda at lvl 19"
"Flyers fans are very quick to bury good players and coaches:
Vinny, Laviolette, Bryzgalov, Carter and Richards, JVR"
"&gt; I'm not sure what good it's doing at this point

It not only shows that Wu is a liar about having a degree but that all the journos did not do the basics of fact checking."
Looks sort of game of thrones-ish which ist bad
Why? I always thought it was a boring race when I would watch it way back then.
"Dude that makes you 19-20, are you kidding me?"
There's several shows that I do attempt to sing along to as well. And I can't because Crunchyroll won't let me pretend to. :/
Rhymes with 'Venti'
"730,183"
"That I pronounce Inventory wrong. I had been saying in-ven-turee. I had never heard anybody say it out loud before I guess. 18 years. Never heard the word actually spoken. "
"/shrug 

I took Operation Regicide as a compliment."
"i feel like you don't want them to do that though. you are so 'tired and busy' from your job, why would anyone want to go home and di it...heaven forbid anyone ask a valid question in /sysadmin."
Papa blesz
set
the reason ppl give it to enel is because his capt ability is an auto heal so hes a better choice
"At [3:29](https://youtu.be/-kG7zybGcik?t=3m27s) our Jarl had a brain aneurysm.

He's okay now.

Mostly.

I think."
RIP
r/jokes
"1. Tell her to buy her own damned beard trimmer.
2. We can stay together if we can spit roast other women.

Otherwise, I'm bi and don't really care.  I get together with the person, not the plumbing."
Dark Souls 3 and Persona 5
"Im not a fan of parties. "
"Untagged/Incorrectly tagged posts are against the rules. Your post has been removed. 

Please repost using the [Tech] tag! By adding ""[Tech]"" into the title of a post,  the official Microsoft Xbox support team's account will get a notification, and may pop in to assist you personally!

**[Please read our wiki before posting](http://www.reddit.com/r/xboxone/wiki/commonissues)** We have common problems and solutions listed. If you fail to check the wiki, your post may be removed."
"&gt;not themepark

&gt;WoW"
the sub's new year's resolution: Promise to no longer instantly catch feelings for parties like SYRIZA.
"Here in NE Oklahoma there are several Malibu's and Camry's painted to look like Cup cars, but they're very poorly done.

This one is very beautifully done, and the scaling of the logos and numbers with the body is very good.

10/10"
I'm partial to the confused SMU student
"I didn't get to pick them, the opponent might have done it on purpose idk. "
10 yard penalty for malicious standing
So the rune ***is*** alive!
"687,262"
"What's funny is that you could almost give the same review to Breaking Bad if you replace sell w/ make and weed w/ meth, if you wanted to be horribly, horribly wrong. "
"Man, that right tackle just got beaten horribly"
"Actually a lot of people die in that show, it's just never Sylar"
"Thank you for your response! If you would like to learn more about how The Fruity Patch^^^TM can help you lose weight, please visit &lt;useless marketing page with zero helpful information&gt;!"
I actually like it! Good work here mate
"&gt; **ZDF-Informationen: ""Keine unmittelbare Anschlagsgefahr""**

&gt; Für den Silvesterabend entschied sich die Polizei in Bayern, auf Nummer Sicher zu gehen. In den vergangenen Wochen hatte es mehrfach Terrorwarnungen in Bezug auf Bahnhöfe im Raum München gegeben. In Zusammenarbeit von Bundes- und Landesbehörden wurden diese Hinweise, in denen von möglichen Attacken mit Waffen und Sprengstoff die Rede war, als ""unglaubwürdig"" eingestuft.
&gt; 
&gt; Am Donnerstag kam dann eine neue Warnung mit ähnlichen Inhalten. Da sie nicht so schnell überprüft werden konnte, entschloss sich die bayerische Polizei, die Sicherheitsmaßnahmen zu erhöhen. Der Hauptbahnhof München und der Bahnhof Pasing wurden geräumt, Züge hielten nicht mehr an. Nach ZDF-Informationen aus deutschen Sicherheitskreisen bestehe aber ""keine unmittelbare Gefahr eines Anschlags"".
&gt; 
&gt; Es handele sich um Vorsichtsmaßnahmen, die angesichts der vielen Menschen, die in dieser Nacht unterwegs sind, verständlich seien. Insbesondere den Hinweis auf einen möglichen Angriff am Bahnhof Pasing halten die Ermittler für wenig glaubhaft.

Irgendwie fühl ich mich verschaukelt. Die ganze Panikmache war also eine reine Vorsichtsmaßnahme? 

Gleichzeitig dann auch solche Meldungen:

&gt; Die Polizei hat mittlerweile Kräfte aus ganz Südbayern nach München beordert. ""Mann und Maus, alles was laufen kann"", sagte ein Polizeisprecher der SZ. Auch Spezialeinheiten sind darunter. Wie viele Polizisten insgesamt im Einsatz sind, sagte der Sprecher nicht.

Wenn man vorher schon bescheid wusste und nur vorsichtshalber die Bahnhöfe abgeriegelt und auf Twitter Warnungen rausgegeben hat, warum werden diese Einheiten dann erst jetzt zusammengezogen. Alles sehr unprofessionell und vor allem unglaubwürdig."
"Nobody in InfoTech or CompSci fields should need to participate in an unpaid internship in the US. 

It's not only archaic nonsense, it's almost certainly unlawful. "
Whenever given the chance...so the...2 games at the dying moments?
I'd love an imgur link to it
Makes me wonder how many millions of billions of trillions of lives are ending......
Right now we have 6 X Wings build and 4 more are on the way
What just happened?
No idea at all but it should be easy to figure out by reading the descriptions of both mods
"**Please read this entire message before taking action.**


Thanks for participating in ELI5. This thread has been flagged as reflecting a personal issue you experience, and not a generalized concept.  Explain Like I'm Five is for **General Concepts**, not specific problems or things you experience. Even your wording is important, for example ""Why does my toe hurt?"" is obviously a personal problem, where ""How does the brain understand pain?"" is not.

If this is action was taken in error, please [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fexplainlikeimfive&amp;subject=Can%20you%20review%20my%20thread?), but **read the rest of this post first**. If you do not include a link to your submission and an indication that you've searched, your response will likely be ""Have you searched? What post?"" Please indicate *why* you believe your thread is unique and is not a personal issue, and what the underlying concept is.

If you can't identify an underlying concept, you might try another subreddit. Good luck! 

Keep on enjoying ELI5!

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/explainlikeimfive) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Decaf green tea for me because when I party, I go hard."
So much more entertaining than half of the other cs streamers out there.
It seems he has taken a screenshot and forgot to crop out his other monitor from the screenshot.
"I hate to say it, but every Oklahoma fan looks really racist."
"You are so wrong. Why is it so difficult to understand? You have free speech. You do not have any legal protections from the consequences of your speech. That's it. If your speech is abhorrent to most people who hear it, you will suffer the consequences of that. Nobody's rights are being trampled on."
"182, thanks for being so generous!"
[removed]
"I think that may have been the most beautiful thing I have ever read. "
"The next four months will consist of the most sporadic moderating from the whole team. You thought the shitposting was bad now? It's not recruiting season, it's not start of school season, it's Meme's About Being Busy Season Baby. "
"Gainward at MSY, $975. Thats the cheapest i could find."
"&gt; Derailing question: How do I catch him to stick him in the bigger tank? He gets away from nets easily and I would use my hands but he looks a bit spiny

/u/otp1144 had a post about this awhile back"
You should have posted a dickpic in response
We'll do our best
"Mine is a measly 6160x1080 

http://imgur.com/S3h6NcU.jpg

http://www.engadget.com/2011/04/19/reader-ui-of-the-week-triple-play-with-shaynks-ui/"
[removed]
/r/trashy
"Just seems rather suspect dude. "
Because people can keep their filthy paws off him that's how
"That would not be decloning, it would actually make Spoon Bender itself pretty much obsolete.
I'm still thinking about what to do with TfD, but I'll probably get rid of the Spoon Bender effect on it completely."
[Here.](https://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/index.php?threads/eu4-dev-diary-december-3rd-2015.894626/)
The cop behind him had a great idea of his speed.
"So anyone have a good song to ring in the New Year? I went with [2 Minutes to Midnight](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzEQ440YjUE) by Iron Maiden although I started it at midnight and thus ruined the desired effect. Ah well, maybe next year."
So with this system I can buy one suppressor and one tax stamp and then get different mounts and other such things? If so damn. I bought my first suppressor just a few weeks ago. Guess I'll have a dedicated 9mm suppressor and this will be for the others I plan to get.
[removed]
"Anecdotal and everything, but I only ever hear the pandering concern when it's about adding a character that isn't white, male and straight.

"
"Yeah, its a good write up but I wouldn't recommend Vape Wild to anyone nor would I suggest an ego/CE4 combo, or an Istick 30w, or an Atlantis. There are much much better juice companies out there who make affordable juice that is consistent and actually tastes decent without months of steeping(and even then VW is pretty horrid) and there are so many better options as for as started kits that are affordable priced. "
[deleted]
"Nah, zombie would have a ""2"" for the instability part of the label."
Savage
"Hi there, looks like you're wanting to discuss something related to New Year's, thankfully, we have a dedicated thread for that! [Go here to participate!](http://redd.it/3yr8on)  Happy New Year!

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
makes me wanna play borderlands..
"Yeah I just rounded. We are probably using the same model and assumptions "
Superman vs. Batman
[deleted]
"A big part of it is awareness i think. I just discovered them last year, i wouldve considered voting for them if there was a candidate in my riding."
Well then.
"knees weak, arms are heavy. there's vomit on her snek already"
"Awesome. Reppin Nikon, I love it. And nice lens too, fixed aperture lenses are expensive, but worth it."
"10 hours from now. I just hit 1510. My deck I'm using has a decent amount of turn 1 20-50 damage with pinser/zapsdos/leafeon and muscle band so I'm getting a decent amount of short wins. "
"It's a stock fit top load "
i met him L.A. and he was kind of an asshole- glad you had a better experience.  Hope his breath didn't make you vomit.
"Well this was definitely how I felt after I kept getting higher and higher from that first time back after a couple weeks. That being said, I have continued to smoke (less amounts now), and vape has become my go to just because it mellows in nicer."
Boulware is an ass hole.
"Yeah, you're exactly right.  One is unconstitutional, the other is business as usual for national security.  You tell me which is which."
Really letting them play outside
"Holy shit, it's Neebs! "
"AIE, the gold standard of truth, and no agenda.  not"
"/r/darknetmarketsnoobs ftfy &lt;3

"
So an argos catalog is basically a sears catalog
[deleted]
"I ordered an ASrock Z97 Anniversary board that is part of the weekly sale, ordered it late Tues night, it's been picked up on is in transit from the warehouse already. I made sure I expanded the ""in stock"" category to double check that it was available in the Markham/ON warehouse. Should be here Monday. "
"Ask the Willet gift shop ladies to ""show you where the campus is"" and they'll bring out whatever the secret wheater of the day is "
Trade thread
"Is that code for ""where minorities don't live""? lol"
"Yes. "
It's OUs fucking band
yes they do
"Pharmaceutical grade L-carnitine smells like fish that was left in the sun too long. L-carnitine lotion sounds like a good recipe for a human repellant.

Edit: I don't mean to make light of your situation. Just trying to illustrate that professional expertise is often required for this kind of thing. "
this is actually a pretty good theory
Where did you get it? I´m looking for one too
"Lol. That is so, a good gif."
"I get it, no worries"
"But you hit it right there - Tangerine is a good movie because of good performances and an engaging, vibrant story, *not* because it was shot on an iPhone. The iPhone part is a gimmick, and if the movie itself weren't good then it hardly matters if it were shot on an iPhone.

Same with a one-take film. If the film itself isn't any good, then is the long take worth it? If the film was actually edited together to give the seamless impression of a single take, does it become a lesser film?"
"It scares me how many people are OK having this as a goal. If you are OK with settling for an unhappy, dishonest life as long as you have money flowing in, you need mental help.

Families and marriages have been ruined because of this sort of logic. I'm no saint. But I know enough not to use someone for any one ""benefit"" you get out of the relationship"
687 387
Let's see them
and thats why i use one of those big heavy round tubes. no worries.
Me too. It rocks.
'just check twitter'
"Too much of anything and it's bad. "
"Been there. I'm now kinda like fuck it, let him get on with it, I'm doing my own thing. I don't have any time for it."
I'll gift it to you. Happy New Years!!!
THROWING DOWN NOW!!! GET SOME MOTHER FUCKERS!!!
Thanks again for getting things going tonight /u/TheGreatJatsby
Petr Cech. Paying your rival (Chelsea) 10 mil for one of the top 3 premier goalies of all time still in his prime is absolutely shocking.
"Freakin' hilarious! "
Do you mean stacks of stuff like Conjurer's Pursuit and Seasoned Marksman?
"Can't believe you separated by gender. Let me guess, men on the ""right"" side? Where does that leave the women? On the wrong side? "
Zenia&lt;3
"Lol oops "
I'll be there playing BA.
I don't think it's underrated at all.  Anyone watching it loves it.
"Space Laser Fire Lensflare Blob
http://imgur.com/OaOCslr?tags"
"Actually posted [this](http://www.furaffinity.net/view/18539962/) before and after comparison on my furaffinity! Though i've only had her about a year though, she went through four changes. I'm now 100% happy with her [final stage](http://www.furaffinity.net/view/18539962/), hah!"
"So much. I'll usually do The National, follow it up with some Mountain Goats and end with some Deer Tick. "
Yeah... we lost vietnam
Damn!
"I'm still hurt, confused and don't understand. He gave me almost 8 years of ups and down. It was a Rollercoaster ride of emotions that was mostly ups. He made me care about the social justice system he established. He showed me the gray lines we draw in life or death decisions and the complexity of the real world we live in. Then, he just simply stopped making sense. His grand backup plans that were totally in his nature were discarded and instead insanity took its place. Logic left him and he simple because reduced to a non- sense position that would never happen to someone as careful and as big a perectionist as he was. Loving someone with mental issues is never easy and this is a perfect example, as he just lost it and is forever gone for me. So long my sweet prince"
"Well to be fair, the numbers the original guy used are totally made up."
Bullets &gt; Contracts
"Not IR-opaque. Then they wouldn't work.

It's near-IR transparent and blocks most of the visible."
"Whoops! Thanks for mentioning that. I was never the best at the process before it got to us! "
[removed]
"Yeah. "
"Think about this. You and those who know everything about your arguments are not the only people looking. Some of them weren't of age to remember this at the time, some still need convincing. Thus, provide things that can be legitimately fact checked, not just random statements from some faceless dude on the internet. Standard internet debating 101; if you can't/won't provide proof/source for what you're saying, then your argument is weaker for it."
"Consuming media is not 'theft', and there is no statute that would apply in the type of scenario that you've laid out under any jurisdiction at all. Ever."
apparently I should gaf about hockey seeing all these downvotes lmao
[deleted]
"No, you don't. Claiming that you do doesn't make it true. Public roads are publicly funded, you don't get to unilaterally decide how they are used. The roads are not your property, and when you are on public roads you do not have a right to use your property however you please. The idea that you, personally, get to decide how public property is used and regulated is the most narcissistic bullshit I've heard in a long while. The idea that the government isn't allowed to regulate property that presents a public safety hazard is just plain stupid. Stop shoving your fingers in your ears and pretending you're the only person who matters."
eh
Mmmmm
"Thanks, to bad you missed out on the witchunter prayer packs they are very cool and certainly give you the feel of one, im also using tk combat lol."
"You're missing out "
"been involved in battle rap for over 20 plus years started battling in the street all the guys on the block then when i hit 18-19 years old i did a battle at an internet radio show and my very first battle was POISON PEN! LOL been best friends and battle rap duo ever since.

2-Yes he was heartless lol. 

3- Hell yes that is a whole other world with a whole other audience i waited 2-3 years to do it and now that i have battlers flooding in i cant give them a platform to build there names on in a new lane and market that some in battle rap may not be able to understand or deal with.
4- dumbfounded, CON,Soul kahn,hollow -GT, now top 5- Clips,big K, swave,con

THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THE LOVE AND SUPPORT

"
Right now they've got the Spyder. It's really one hell of a car.
Wait for Nvidia Pascal and a decent upgrade will present itself.
"It gave me a very special kind of trouble on PS4 where it would jump back about 3 minutes, but then if you let it play, it would jump forward three minutes, making you miss what happened in-between. I think it might be a bug related to streaming content an hour or so behind the live broadcast before it's been archived. "
"It's nice to here that they sound the same as they do on the studio version. Lots of groups and solo artists use heavy editing to make themselves sound half descent. Most modern artists do this. Also the pianist is great. "
And slightly distorted. Mildly distorted childrens songs set with a little echo scare the shit out of me
We have noodles for soup at the servers station.  The only hard part is getting them to give us a heads up before they actually run out.
"I've two and a bit years till I graduate but Canada seems like an amazing option :3 "
"&gt; First off, the matchmaker VERY RARELY places a high MMR solo player with a low MMR teammate VERSUS ME AND MY GIRLFRIEND.

Could you link your hotslogs then?

Regardless, what you have is a ~3.5k MMR player matched against a team full of sub 3k MMR players to accommodate your girlfriend's low MMR. You've made an argument about how much impact a high MMR player can have on the team in terms of leadership and direction, so again, how exactly is this fair for the enemy team? Have you not once considered that maybe your opponents would like a fairer game whereby they get matched against players within their MMR range?

&gt;You know how many times me and my rank ~30 gf played vs Wiz and Glaurang on the same team? 

So you've essentially forced multiple rank 30s on Wiz and Glaurang's team so as to balance your girlfriend's MMR. You do realize that being placed on the same team as low MMR players is a chief complaint of these high MMR players, right?

&gt;I justify it by the FACT that Blizzard WANTS TO ATTRACT PLAYERS WHO PLAY WITH THEIR FRIENDS. You realize my gf and I are the game companies TARGET AUDIENCE right?

Except Dustin has already tweeted that there are plans to restrict the MMR difference within a duo. You're really not the target audience.

https://twitter.com/DustinBrowder/status/676818143533137920

&gt;There is really only two options I see for fixing this.

You do know that there's a third option, right? Impose limits to the MMR difference within a duo and team while implementing an unranked draft queue for players like you and your girlfriend.

If the purpose of queueing with your girlfriend in HL is to get the draft experience, then I don't see why you would have any objections to that.
"
"10-15 handicaps are the one range where you actually have no idea what the person shoots.

Oh well, that's why tournaments have both low net and low gross ¯\\(ツ)/¯ "
I knew it!!!!   &gt;:(   we need to alert Manfred!
"They didnt explain how sword works...

Edit: how it moves when you're too far away"
"He's not the most environmentally friendly. I like his support for nuclear power but he's still a friend to coal power plant companies and I'd like to see him dial that back a bit. Also, I don't completely agree with expanding offshore oil drilling. 

Also, the Iranian nuclear deal. In the debates he said he was against the nuclear deal but it's working as of now; Iran closed down the Arak nuclear reactor. That's never been accomplished before with any other approach. A 2nd point: Iran is limited to 3.67% enriched uranium which ensures nonproliferation. You can't make a bomb with anything under 85% enrichment, and Iran would probably need &gt;90% enriched uranium for a working bomb. They won't get enough fissile material. "
"Yeah that is true, I was just referring to the trend for this storm. They announced Monday off on Saturday. They announced Tuesday off on Sunday. So I thought if they were going to announce Wednesday off, it would be today morning. 

Well fingers crossed we get another day off!"
"Me, because suck it everyone else you're not around me nearly as long as I am."
"That's how I felt, and still partially feel.

If you want to be a girl, be a girl - I wish someone had told me that when I first started questioning my gender."
"Hier wurde von vielen Politikern einfach zu riskant gepokert. Erst die Polizeikräfte zusammenkürzen und nachher wundert man sich wenn etwas passiert. Aber die Schuld will natürlich niemand auf sich nehmen, ist nur eine Frage der Zeit bis das nächste Bauernopfer erbracht wird. Das Problem tritt jetzt immer mehr ans Licht und ich denke wir haben bei weitem noch nicht von allen Missständen erfahren die da so vor sich hinbrodeln."
"I've found a dab of tooth paste helps, just let it sit on top of it until it's gone."
[removed]
"[""licrative""](http://giphy.com/gifs/megan-fox-movie-sexy-yIZxcZyp6HZtu)"
Hard to say. Could be that it was advertised for PS more than anything else. Also could have something to do with that PS4 Battlefront bundle that came out before Christmas.
Kissing other people asses and not giving their opinion ever.
"He probably has them as private so he can check the sound quality

Edit: It's at 7 now so I was probably right. The upload probably didn't sound right so he's re-mixing it"
7 samurai
"Fellow brain surgery survivor. 2 years ago. I can relate tremendously.

I have been a subscriber to this sub for quite a while, yet never posted due to the fact that I also use audiobooks.

Also, congrats on surviving through the surgery."
"http://scholarlycommons.law.northwestern.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=6853&amp;context=jclc

I find table 1 quite telling "
Is that something he did?
"Exactly, we would make good business partners lol"
I saw an interesting post that said Dipper would roll the die and it would come up with a 5 or something.
;)
Agreed. I don't bust a cap unless it's for at least $30.
"lol... I must admit I read that in all seriousness. Sorry about that! But I don't downvote people unless they are being totally rude or cruel. "
"How are we losing our right to vote? We do vote on MEPs in the EU parliament, who do have executive power and an influence on the EC (who we can't directly hold to account). Hell, I'd go as far as saying that the EU isn't much worse for accountability and representation than Westminster, where MPs don't even know what they're voting on quite often."
"Just be glad you don't live in China... censorship time a thousand.
"
[Source!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U39RMUzCjiU)
"Why care about the lighthouse? The rewards are lousy. "
"I have a rough registry already set up on Amazon. It depends when you feel comfortable, if you're having a shower and your living arrangements. I don't think there is a right time or wrong time. Just don't rush yourself all at the end. That would suck. my mom has also been stocking up on diapers for the past month. 

We are moving to a bigger place in a couple months and I don't want to bog us down with a lot of baby crap just to move. "
I haven't seen Following but Insomnia is pretty great. Probably the darkest role Robin Williams has ever done and he *freaking* nails it.
"Probably not the most popular opinion but if being locked in a Toronto Hotel for 10 days is worse than being in Syria or a camp in Jordan, what the fuck are we doing?


"
I enjoyed how they planned that. Cam pulled Davis aside and said hey go distract coach
"Just to reconfirm is this in the state of KY? "
"Keep fighting for what's right, Bernie!"
A stone ring would be nice. To make some weapons more viable in PvP.
"Alright so this is my experience with the financial world especially the top banks. Ill tell you the easiest way to get in but the journey to it is hard. If you are strong in math or programming/software with a somewhat decent gpa (3.2+) your chances are really high. I've had many interviews with these banks and they always tell me that they would much rather hire an engineer since they're already good at math as well as know programming languages (mostly if your ECE). 

With that gpa they're pretty much going to toss your resume out (no offence), they're looking for candidates that are smart. If I were you I would maybe think about getting a masters in software engineering or in math if you can or try to learn programming languages on your own and work on projects to showcase for an interview. 

this is how i got my offer from one of those top tier banks, let me know if you have questions."
Good luck CatBros! I'll be rooting for you :)
"You're fucking kidding me. I've taken mine to the store sans shoes at 50 degrees because she just doesn't want them sometimes. And generally has flung her socks somewhere, too. "
"Try the BBarfly or the BearOps/Bear and Sons Trainers (not sure if BearOps/Bear and Sons is within the price range). There's a really useful buying guide to trainers and knives located on the sidebar, I'd check that out.

For future reference, please post questions in the monthly question thread. Best of luck!"
[deleted]
"I did, and one wouldn't stop.  I banned him, but by then, the entire thread was then [removed] which kinda makes a post messy.  I should have told her to repost, I messed that part up.  I'm the only mod here, and sometimes I just screw it up a little bit.  

Do you think banning trolls like that is ok after a warning or two?  When do you think bans are ok for this type of behavior?  I want as much community feedback as possible.  This place is for all of us, and we all have a say.  So if you or anyone would like to share your opinions, I'd love to hear them."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlLi0Hrx9QE
"are the lyrics important at all?  "
"Via Napoli has pretty authentic Neapolitan style pizza and is pretty damn good.  It's not NYC, not Chicago, not Jersey, not Wichita, not California, etc.  People will go in there and try to compare it to their favorite Little Caesars or Dominos and have no idea what good pizza is then say it's bad.

Pizza Planet is not comparable, IMO."
"Nobody thinks that's evil, we just wouldn't be a part of it."
"In a lot of countries, bikers are given the same rights and responsibilities as a road user. I know its like that here in Canada"
"Lol, on the lemons!  I thought about that and started looking up lemon symbolism and found that lemons can represent bitterness, but also purity and maybe innocence and perhaps these are feelings about her childhood. Lemons are also associated with cleansing or refreshing.

Okay, this is all my conjecture, but here goes.  Literally, the lemons must have been outside her house where she grew up (in Braavos, Dorne, or wherever that may have been) and the red door is the actual dragon's mouth door at Dragonstone. Metaphorically, though, I believe both of these things in her dreams represent an underlying urge to embrace her dragon heritage and start anew...like wake the dragon, Dany, which is what I believe her last chapter in ADwD is about as The Meereenese Blot suggests.   Thoughts?"
"My wife, everybody."
"I wait. If it's something I REALLY want to see? I'll rent on Amazon. "
other hair?
"It would have the chance for mystcraft house, which could help you make a new mystcraft dimension. While that sounds useless, it would help you out of a bad spot by allowing you to make another dimension that might have a star fissure if you get stuck and can't find one. "
"# [Inque](http://imgur.com/a/VRM5M), [Magpie](http://imgur.com/a/taqpT), [Barbara Gordon](http://imgur.com/a/kqxEM), [Catwoman](http://imgur.com/a/hQSRW), [Oracle](http://imgur.com/a/H8VD8), [Cassandra Cain](http://imgur.com/a/SI7QO), [Nightwing](http://imgur.com/a/nmpT6), [Poison Ivy](http://imgur.com/a/735IB), [Harley Quinn](http://imgur.com/a/ZPzX8), [Harley Quinn](http://imgur.com/a/37A6b), [Dee Dees Beyond](http://imgur.com/a/EgUjG), [Livewire](http://imgur.com/a/1uha9), [Stephanie Brown](http://imgur.com/a/3mhml), [Batwoman](http://imgur.com/a/sVece), [Copperhead](http://imgur.com/a/pY5Yu), [Candy](http://imgur.com/a/hPd2g), [Batman](http://imgur.com/a/niawR), [Bane](http://imgur.com/a/9cmYg), [Classic Harley Quinn](http://imgur.com/a/XinFo), [Clayface](http://imgur.com/a/Sr0vz)

 I am rule34, bot linker of porn. Send me your compliments that I may bask in them, and your complaints to iateacrayon. [What is this?](http://www.reddit.com/r/iateacrayon/wiki/index)"
"Anecdotes about gay people. Statistics about homeless gay youth don't really capture how heartbreaking it is to get thrown out of your home by people who are supposed to unconditionally love you. "
"Being diagnosed with terminal cancer, my dad died from it when he was 57, my uncle's, my aunts.  I'm hoping I take after my maternal grandfather and live to my 80's and die from a heart attack.

Cancer sucks."
"if you haven't watched arrow yet, you may want to watch that first as the shows crossover a lot. if you google for it you can find an episode order, but you can ""safely"" watch the first two seasons of Arrow before starting Flash."
"Spent his cash on tickets maybe instead of a jersey. "
Nice to see the cover page still has the inaccurate information.
"But I believe that the mass, and therefore the resulting tension, of nylon strings may be less. I might be confused with steel string acoustics, however, but scale length isn't the only factor."
"Yes, that's the body type you're looking for."
"I wonder if they could make a set that's only accessible if you've done the first TOTW Master set. "
"Feed my chickens. "
[deleted]
If anything they are subjected to occupational autocracy by Israel
It's already all pixelated.
We both know the answer to that question.
More or less.
thank you
I've got ~$50 😅
"Hey,

Nah he didn't, there was no deposit, but instead ""admin fees"" so he didn't have to worry about making excuses in the future.

So I think I'd count as a sole tenant, but is there any way to verify this without the agreement? "
"It was snowing in Georgia (the state) this weekend too.  However, there is no comparison at with the climate in Toronto in January versus Atlanta in January."
"Oh, that's a dangerous thing to do... =D"
"Darn. Thanks though, good luck trading!"
"Thanks for the clarifications. I've always been partial to the concept of interacting with everyone as more of a culmination of their interests and actions rather than the physical body and believe it to be what we should strive toward, even if I still struggle with it myself. To that end, I'll be re-evaluating my take on deliberate aspects of appearance as a means of nonverbal communication. I suppose it is rather silly to say I am okay with it so long as it isn't abused when in reality it is very easy to abuse and is so easy to misinterpret."
"Which is funny because if someone did the Japanese ""come here"" gesture in America it would also be rude since it looks a lot like the ""shoo"" gesture."
"Well shit, that makes the price worth it.
I mean, where I live the tickets cost around $5 - $6 and that's considered expensive."
"Fantastic! Great work, should be upvoted more!! Sad that we need a community made tool for something that should be in the game."
"&gt; Hell, the 10-0 Panthers were underdogs to the 3-7 Cowboys

Really?! What the hell"
"The FBI has found proof that Clinton **""knowingly""** had classified information sent over her private server when they found an email where **Clinton instructs a staffer to remove classified markings and send classified documents through non-secure channels**. 

https://foia.state.gov/searchapp/DOCUMENTS/HRCEmail_Jan7thWeb/08635C6-8/DOC_0C05787519/C05787519.pdf

This is damning evidence that Clinton **""Knowingly""** violated the law. "
"I don't even think most of Fract can be considered a puzzle game. I was really excited for it, but it's much more of an exploration game than a puzzle game. Was pretty disappointed because the puzzles were pretty easy, but so much of the landscape had similar aesthetics that I just ended up aimlessly wandering for a good portion of it. Eventually I grew impatient looking for a place to progress and haven't played it since. "
"If sad movies are what you're into, don't miss out on [Stroszek](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075276/)"
"Well, enough stalling. I jump into the hole, bracing my body for minimum impact. "
I convinced the whole of my school year that my name was actually Matthew and Ed was just my middle name
"Thanks, I took a look but from what I could tell all of their tall inseams were only 34""."
When are they wearing these?
"why are the odds in fm's favor?

Is there something im missing here? Because from what I've gathered, this seems to be a well organized and strong team vs some uk unknowns with, honestly, nothing impressive in terms of results"
"Your post was removed as it violates a rule.

No All Caps Post Titles.

If you believe this thread was removed in error, please [contact the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fbladeandsoul).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/bladeandsoul) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"The localized version is 626.5mb. So a little bit larger, yeah."
"IMO its very slow. "
Do you know the model of the sensor? What kind of bulbs in the light?
"I feel like it peaks very quickly, and plateaus for the next 3-4 hours, and then very very gradually comes down until the 8 hour point where I feel like it's gone, but the first time that shit lasted a good 12 hours."
"wranglers are great, when compared to a Trabant perhaps"
"The obvious: A complete Knights of Ren 7-Pack, including an un-hooded Kylo.  

I don't care for how much........I want it."
[deleted]
[removed]
"You know you are in for some serious shit if you are a woman doing cosplay at these events.  "
I see that now and i'll work to gain the communities trust. My apologies.
"Wow this is brutal, first of all it's probably trickle truth. There's been emotionally cheating for a while, I would bet. This is definitely not a one time thing. I would not be able to trust either of these people again. "
"well, there is nothing (text) on the first page that explains anything whatsoever"
"Fuck you hot dogs are awesome "
I have not. Other than my loan being sold to this new bank there is no difference. I have checked with Fannie Mae's site and am eligible other than the fact my bank doesn't run the program. Thanks for your help.
"I thought that took place on a coastal beach in Costa Rica. I don't think they were on Nublar or Sorna. The book talks a lot about it.

Edit: did some digging, you're right it was the island in the movie. I guess they completely dropped the mainland plot."
Last time I checked Thursday and Friday were weekdays.
"Man get a life. You're like stalker. Get a job or something. "
You.... I like you!
Yeah but their parents are and that would kind of blow.
"Reddit has Imgur, it also needs it's own video hosting apparentely"
He was an assistant when we lost to the colts. The missing word in the post is Head coaching
"The point I'm trying to make is that they all probably felt they were the ""good guy"" and they were all ""standing their ground."""
Death Proof?
"I seem to remember a lot of the same things being said about Harvey  "
"If they really are authentic, yeah. Take that deal.

That said, I'd post images at least, if you can't have a 3rd party verify them. "
[deleted]
You really need to make a gummy Venus de Milo and report back.
[removed]
"I've seen a few people talk about how LSD becomes predictable. Just take a good long brake, and when you really feel the need to hang out with lucy again it should be okay. "
"If you haven't already, go play [Ark: Survival Evolved](http://screenshots.en.sftcdn.net/en/scrn/69707000/69707159/image-26-700x393.jpg).  You'd probably love it.

The Pteranodon is in the game, and you can ride them, along with just about every type of dinosaur in the game.  It's available for PC, Xbox One, PS4, Mac, and Linux.

Looks like they've also added the [Quetzalcoatlus](http://www.livescience.com/24636-giant-pterosaurs-in-flight.html) too.  They were enormous.

[Here's another image from the game.](http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/30745266801519383/E3103F29777746809F79E78EFEB8579122EE5914/)

The whole game is kind of insane, but it's fun too."
The post said POSSIBLY illegal... these are definitely illegal.
"Damn dude a lot of the high scores you have I rated similarly.

But why Ixion saga at 6 :( it was hilarious"
Let's bask in this golden shower!
"Actually Doom pretty much flat out said he destroyed universes to spite the Beyonders when he was talking to them.  The final bomb wasn't the bodies of MM, but ones that he re-engineered to destroy the Beyonders instead of the multiverse."
"It's not creepy there! It's super nice and quaint. They have apple and pear trees. "
The woman who jumped before her practices freebleeding.
"Actually managed to win a prerelease for the first time, and in 2hg of all things. Went with 3 of my friends, all a bit greener than me in terms of experience (I've played since Innistrad, the others started at Origins). 

After me and my teammate cracked the packs we realised we had one HELL of an ally deck, and a lot of good red cards (three nettle drones, two fall of the titans). So we went with a B/W Ally deck and a G/R ramp/colorless deck.

Turns out Nettle Drone and Kalastria Healer is messed up cards in 2HG, we won all our 5 round, and 2 of them was finished before round 5. All the while we were making bad puns and just goofing around, not realizing we were going to win (our other 2 friends managed to snag the 2:nd place by going 4-1).

So we got 8 packs each, and cracked them once we got home. And keep in mind, we have pulled only 1 mythic on the prerelease (Inverter of Truth). So we get to cracking, and my friend cracks open the mythic sphinx and Kalitas, traitor to geth. Meanwhile, I open absolutely bollocks. I am still salty.

TL:DR: Played 2HG, won prerelease, drew nothing, had fun."
"Exactly.  How about put the other team's defense on the field, too, and let Rodgers make *them* give up a huge play?"
It's extremely culturally acceptable to smoke pot in some areas.  The laws and the employers say otherwise.  It's really a conflict between the people versus the man.
"In the past I've thought a lot about this.
.
 
I'm fairly good at sales, debate, philosophy, and getting along with people, so SPEECH would be alright to pick. I've trained in plenty of martial arts and combat sports throughout my life but nothing that used weapons, so if it were a skill: UNARMED. Because of the previous experience and my smaller stature I'm relatively agile, and SNEAK could apply here.
.
 
I'd be a Breton as that fits my cultural background and physical size who could hang with the best of Khajiit in a tussle, but probably talk my way out of it. You would find me at a college or in a bar attempting to have a thoughtful discussion or debate on the meaning of CHIM, the Aedra and Daedra, or something of the sort. I suppose magic could fit because it's really cool but I can't begin to speculate what would make sense for me. "
"Actually there is a precedent for holding a CEO as responsible for the action of his company. And it is a very old and time honored precedent. The CEO holds the same position in the organization as the captain of a ship. The captain is always held responsible for what his ship does. Even if the captain is not driving at the time he is still responsible. The CEO should be held to the same standard. Currently the CEO has all of the perks and none of the responsibility. I think it's way past time that they had to shoulder the responsibility as well. "
"Why is it fake that a famous person acknowledges you and you get excited about it? If Voltaire had written a letter to one of his random fans, they would have got just as excited. Nothing fake about being excited about your idol acknowledging you."
Flash backs of Butland when we played them
"Yeah but I want to feel superior somehow. "
"Actually, I worked at Century Theaters in the US, and we're not ALLOWED to check bags anymore. The only thing that makes me mad about bringing food in, is when people don't pick up their shit. If you or your kids throw chicken bones and french fries all the way to the front theater seats, Fuck you. If you wrapped up your food *so* nicely that we didn't see it coming into the theater, you can cleanly wrap it up when you leave. "
ruined....
"Cool, thanks for the response man!"
https://np.reddit.com/r/desktops/top
"Thanks so much for the energizing compliment! I'll look around /r/gamedev and see if I can find more stories like /u/RedPaintedHouses — having a podcast is one of the best excuses to talk to cool people :D "
"The comment in the OP is before that mess, but:

Don't go into threads and vote or PM linked commenters, people! Most of you are metasphere regulars. You know better!

Or tell people to kill themselves. Ever."
"This post was removed because it is not from the [approved domains](/r/nsfw/wiki/hosts) or it is not a direct image link. Please read the link on proper way to post. Please note that albums are not allowed to be posted by new accounts. Also note that new users using imgur need to link directly to the image (i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png) not the html page (imgur.com/abcdefg).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/nsfw) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"It looks like they attempted to put new sod down the middle and didn't really make sure it took hold.  "
"Native to what? I must of misunderstood the rule. Thought it was just ""an"" before vowels. So why do you think your're an INTP instead of ENTP?"
"Psn: KaosNinja

Serious player but haven't went flawless before due to not playing much at weekends

318 warlock or hunter 

Psn: KaosNinja "
"725,056"
"politics, music, philosophy are my main passions. i also love to bodybuild and workout.

oh, and heroin lmao"
"
# *FULL MOVIE ""Manhattan 1979""  eng rarBG online without signing MKV kickass torrent*

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description movie **Manhattan 1979**:

&gt;  The life of a divorced television writer dating a teenage girl is further complicated when he falls in love with his best friend's mistress.

&gt; .


***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Manhattan 1979***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Manhattan%201979)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Manhattan 1979***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Manhattan%201979)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Manhattan 1979***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Manhattan%201979)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Manhattan 1979***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Manhattan%201979)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Manhattan 1979***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Manhattan%201979)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Manhattan 1979***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Manhattan%201979)
***

&gt; . 

&gt; .Class 
of 
1979
Manhattan 
(1979) 
- 
Full 
Cast 
&amp;amp; 
Crew 
- 
IMDb
The 
Atomic 
Heritage 
Foundation 
is 
actively 
preserving 
the 
Manhattan 
Project 
properties 
and 
connecting 
the 
American 
public 
and 
future 
generations 
with 
its 
history.
Manhattan 
Portage 
offers 
original 
messenger 
bags 
shoulder 
bags 
laptop 
bags 
backpacks 
mini 
bags 
ipad 
cases 
ipad 
sleeves 
from 
New 
York 
City
The 
perfect 
Manhattan 
is 
simple 
and 
sublime. 
Learn 
how 
to 
make 
one 
today 
at 
Liquor.com.
Manhattan 
Cocktail 
Recipe 
- 
Liquor 
brands 
drink 
recipes
manhattan 
1979 
watch
manhattan 
1979 
putlocker
Before 
I 
Forget: 
Love 
Hope 
Help 
and 
Acceptance 
in 
Our 
Fight 
Against 
Alzheimer's 
B. 
Smith 
Dan 
Gasby 
Author 
Event 
(Other)
manhattan 
1979 
trailer
manhattan 
1979 
full 
movie
B&amp;amp;N 
Store 
&amp;amp; 
Event 
Locator 
- 
Barnes 
&amp;amp; 
Noble
manhattan 
1979 
torrent
manhattan 
1979 
imdb
Manhattan 
Kansas 
detailed 
profile 
According 
to 
our 
research 
of 
Kansas 
and 
other 
state 
lists 
there 
were 
119 
registered 
sex 
offenders 
living 
in 
Manhattan 
Kansas
manhattan 
1979 
online 
subtitrat
Manhattan 
Kansas 
(KS) 
profile: 
population 
maps 
real
Manhattan 
Project 
Voices
manhattan 
1979 
analysis
manhattan 
1979 
bridge
manhattan 
1979 
movie
Manhattan 
(1979) 
cast 
and 
crew 
credits 
including 
actors 
actresses 
directors 
writers 
and 
more.
manhattan 
1979 
review
Download 
Manhattan 
(Woody 
Allen 
1979) 
XviD 
DVDRip 
avi
Manhattan 
Kansas 
- 
Wikipedia 
the 
free 
encyclopedia
Manhattan 
Portage 
Bags 
- 
Original 
New 
York 
Messenger 
Bags
Download 
Manhattan 
(Woody 
Allen 
1979) 
XviD 
DVDRip 
avi 
torrent 
or 
any 
other 
torrent 
from 
Other 
Movies 
category.
Self-absorption 
is 
general 
as 
is 
self-doubt. 
In 
the 
large 
coastal 
cities 
of 
the 
United 
States 
this 
summer 
many 
people 
wanted 
to 
be 
dressed 
in 
“real
manhattan 
1979 
film
Manhattan 
is 
a 
city 
in 
northeastern 
Kansas 
in 
the 
United 
States 
located 
at 
the 
junction 
of 
the 
Kansas 
River 
and 
Big 
Blue 
River. 
It 
is 
the 
county 
seat 
[6] 
of 
Riley
manhattan 
1979 
movie 
poster
Letter 
from 
'Manhattan' 
by 
Joan 
Didion 
| 
The 
New 
York
Class 
of 
1979 
Reunion 
Your 
40 
year 
reunion 
is 
only 
3 
years 
away! 
Class 
of 
1979: 
If 
are 
part 
of 
the 
1979 
graduating 
class 
we 
hope 
you 
enjoy 
thinking 
about 
the
manhattan 
1979 
poster
manhattan 
1979 
woody 
allen
manhattan 
1979
manhattan 
1979 
watch 
online
manhattan 
1979 
soundtrack

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .[FREE.. MOVIE.. ""American.. History.. X.. 1998"".. .. DVD9.. 720p.. EZTV.. how.. download.. thepiratebay.. 1080p.. kickass.. high.. definition](https://www.reddit.com/41eeh3),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Dances.. with.. Wolves.. 1990"".. .. EZTV.. HDTS.. 1280p.. video.. watch.. dubbed.. BrRip](https://www.reddit.com/41ee9k),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Catch.. Me.. If.. You.. Can.. 2002"".. .. movie25.. HD.. FilmClub.. without.. signing.. torrent.. TVRip.. Tubeplus](https://www.reddit.com/41eea1),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Help.. 2011"".. .. dubbed.. english.. srt.. yts.. watch.. direct.. link.. movie25](https://www.reddit.com/41ee87),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Predator.. 2.. 1990"".. .. 720p.. putlocker.. movie4k.. MOV.. PC.. srt](https://www.reddit.com/41eea9),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Enter.. the.. Dragon.. 1973"".. .. movie4k.. without.. registering.. SATRip.. kickass.. movie25.. viooz.. bitsnoop](https://www.reddit.com/41eeal),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Tootsie.. 1982"".. .. coolmoviezone.. PC.. DVDRip.. no.. pay.. now.. vumoo.. 720p](https://www.reddit.com/41eebv)"
"And...you must know a lot about Russian Jewish culture to compare it to American culture? a) 80's and 90's Russia was nothing like America b) Russian language is nothing like English c) America is NOT a city, so not sure which Jewish population you're talking about.
There are more Chinese people in the US than in major Chinese cities, btw. Also, all Chinese people I've known have integrated. All Chinese second and third gen people at my HS had American names. You would be hardpressed to see a Chinese-American named Wong or Lee. So yeah, way to be ignorant. You must be really young..."
"I smoke rollies, the cheap nasty Horizon Yellow stuff. Tailors give me the hiccups for some reason :s"
Yes. Simply do so.
"I only said that because it weirdly doesn't look like the same scale looking at the parking lots and other stuff around the settings, but yes, scale is the better word."
maybe 1 korea hoopa code ?
"If he took a plea and testified against Avery, he'd be getting out around now. Horrible legal advice. "
[deleted]
"I am no muse. And I'm definitely a Dodgers fan. "
"It was such a striking contrast from the CBS game.  That was such a shit show.  Might have to watch the Super Bowl with SAP on. "
"The progression of SegWit's effects on size could be throttled by using/removing the rate setting; thus allowing for both SW and a 2MB hard fork simultaneously, while still not growing the effective capacity increase beyond 2MB this year.

The more you know..."
"&gt; Each unit of armor costs 18 gold, and each unit of health costs 2.5 gold.

"
"wow, if a supreme evil warns you about something then it must be pretty bad"
"Britain prefers the clarity of our original losition, and is happy to maintain our current role, and allow others to meet this specific need"
"&gt;about the shape of a tapioca pearl but probably doesn't taste like one

cracked me up"
Ox is playing like utter shit. Theo is invisible. Want to see Elneny as soon as possible. Hopefully he could drive us forward.
"Their still a better team than Arsenal. Kompany is still better than any of Arsenals centre backs though. Aguero is one of the best strikers in the world on his day, Silva and De Bruyne are both world class too. Overall there team is just better, Arsenal have a lot of good players but also to many mediocre players aswell."
Came here to comment on this!  Badass!!!
"That may be true, however I recognized only the scenes from the Ring, It, and the Exorcist. I guess I just have good visual memory."
[deleted]
Trying is failing. Much better to stay where you are. Safe. Warm. Not failing.
Verbose
Yes it is a badass pic. [Here have it in all its glory](http://i.imgur.com/lcrc57J.jpg) and not the version for ants from instagram
It sucks but it will be fixed in the next patch.
"But, wouldn't they have to agree to have him, first?"
/r/thatsmyfetish
Here's to snuffing out any semblance of hope or happiness from the Pacific Northwest. Here's to sending Marshawn Lynch to a loss in his final playoff game. Here's  to a dominating Panthers performance. Keep Pounding.
"Oh yeah, forgot to write the orphanage... For those wondering that's the little kid with a creepy-ass mask walking down a hallway"
"it's the main reason i don't play hc. i don't mind losing a char every now and then but this would make me punch straight through my screen if it happened on there. this league i died to talisman effects spawning on top of me while the game lags out loading it (mainly bonespire ofc), strongboxes, even effects from malachai somehow still needing to load in etc"
"I will say for *any* team to go 15-1 or 16-0 in the NFL is a bit of a fluke season. The league is so competitive that it takes a lot of luck as well as a fuck-ton of skill.

Still, the Panthers are one amazing looking football team and as good as any that went 15-1. Plus, you guys don't have nearly as much luck as the Seahawks and we only went 10-6..."
"&gt; makes people think we're not supposed to worry about the future or think about the past, none of which Buddhism teaches. 

    From longing for the future,
    from sorrowing over the past,
	  fools wither away
    like a green reed cut down.
    -SN 1.10


Although he's not saying to ignore the past or future. Those who dwell there while ignoring what's present is problematic. "
"Use gparted live on a flash drive, then dd the the current c drive to the new drive."
Any particular reason for the &lt;3 ?
"Birds are wonderful, but not so much that I'd improvise a piano piece about them on a first date"
"I cam definitely see the benefits of that, I just don't think I could do it every day, especially with work. I'll read into it."
"If you're going to the greyhound in downtown, keep a close eye on your stuff."
That's a dessert?
"I was first put on depakote 250mg 2x a day, then got struck with the side effects of it: weight gain, hair loss, decline in cognitive functioning. Since I was 4 years into college, none of that was even close to ideal, so I asked to be switched. They tried lamotrigine and I had a full body allergic reaction to it with tingling/itching all over, restlessness, and a red rash all over, once bumps started forming, they took me off it. Since I can't afford anything but depakote, they left me on it, and I quit school for a year due to money problems. Since my cognition was still declining, I cut my own dose in half, and only take it at night since my seizures are sleep-related. That keeps my seizures away, but I had to be put on a B-12 complex 2x a day to get my normal, calculating brain back and get back to classes. Glad to see your girl likes math, too. :) I hope she stays on a good path!"
http://imgur.com/pNeQPoQ
"But the material might still be affected by the heat in some way ,besides burning up, which I was unsure of in which way and why."
H... hey Napoleon... gimme some of your grilled cheese
Definitely illegal where I live.
This is something unavoidable for online games dude. Unless you go LAN it will happen no matter what.
"What do you want to do?

Also, Java is still like the most popular language isn't it? Python is good for some things but both are good choices. 

The right decision is what do you want to do? Python is best for scripting, machine learning, and with websites if you leverage a framework such as Django and Flack?

Java is good because it is portable and opens you up to the JVM. Again, only if that is what you are looking for. 

I would suggest Java only because I find it more employable. But once again it is determined by your goals."
"And yet iOS does it. Although I thing they've baked in a small vM to support the watch now.

Anyhow two things come to mind - smalltalk has a vm too and is a more powerful and established language - why not that?

I think the value of the vm is much overstated. "
"The only person to ruin Aliu's career is Aliu himself. That dude coasted his way out of hockey. I managed to see a couple Bulldogs games where he was on a PTO and he was fucking awful.

Just to be clear, /u/HawkeyNightInChicago was claiming Downie ruined Aliu Akim's career before deleting his comment."
Can someone explain what's going on here?
we listen to the same music. lol
"It's a start. I`m available right now for a trade, tell me when you are up."
[Aosoth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pqq-YKI5dlU) is heavy and not afraid to turn up the bass.
Job market depends on what u do for a living
"I'd say they made him an enemy, and it was not worth it."
Just like the Hillary supporters here use the argument that Republicans will slander Bernie enough in a general election that polls now are not relevant. It goes both ways.
"Unfriend her on fb and IG.  Seriously.  What's the point of that?  If you run into her in a year and you think you can be friends, then re-add her, but for now just remove all of it."
"&gt; And since you typically get paid more as a freelancer than when you're on a salary, my take-home income hasn't changed very much at all, and now I have heaps of time to work on my game, without eating into my savings.

Until taxes come and wreck your shit (speaking from experience, freelancing as sole proprietor). ;_;"
I actually found Scant to be really insightful and on-point.
"&gt; drugs, alcohol, drugs, and more drugs

Alcohol is a drug."
Wtf is that thing?
But The Merkins are opening for Frog and Toad are Friends!
"It's worked out fine for Tom Osborne. "
Say eye and spell cup.
"It will fuck them both, it is great. Both countries will suffer as they get into this price war. I hope both collapse in 5-10 years."
"Mayock, back when he did color commentary for NFL network, was good at teaching about the game as well. 

The problem was he sounded more like he was lecturing you instead of simply explaining what is going on. "
"BAHAHAHA omg I so wanna picture your mom in those clothes! With dirty tennis shoes too! lol! For comfort!! Yeah, I worked in a high end luxury jewelry store and some guys who would dress in jeans and a t shirt would end up spending more and usually be nicer to work with than the men and women who were impeccably dressed. Not saying they were all bad. I had the most fun working with younger guys who had saved up a lot of their money to buy their girlfriends something around Christmas or Valentine's Day. They were the best and usually the most grateful! "
V2 outside the first time outside? Really?
"Ok cause I've seen PMO and MO and wasn't sure if simply looking at ""P"" counts as a relapse in easy mode"
"Red eyes and a plate of pancakes, Lorelei sits herself down across from her brother. ""Whatcha reading over there?"""
"Funny, those Chinese streams were what made me like him a lot more. Are you talking about what the producer tells him to say? The producer is his boss fyi. You have to follow what he says. He also has a team that probably picks up things that one man can't, and feeds that to CC."
Am I wrong about the way things happened? I thought Michigan said hey you need to pay more for water and the local Flint government said no way we are going to pay that much we will use local water and the local government was the responsible party for murdering a couple people and worse poisoning and disabling a ton more.
"I seriously doubt that Newcastle are actually in for him in the first place. The report is from the Daily Mail (rag that isnt even one of the ""preferred media partners"" and the club didnt think he was worth it when he was a free transfer."
[deleted]
"Makes you wonder how many other water districts suffer from utter incompetence like at Flint, and we never hear about it because out of dumb luck the water doesn't make enough people sick."
"Found it! Actually starring/inspired by Keanu Reeves.

https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/3o68bd/fresh_hot_pizza/cvuownj"
"I was not criticizing, just pointing it out. Sorry. I'll delete my comment."
"All those idiots. Meanwhile you're just a beacon of football knowledge. It's entirely possible for people to just not agree with you. Actually many posters agree with me here, I guess they're all idiots."
"Because he's anti-intellectual and sensationalist. He's also a complete, utter opportunist - as much as the fatcats he rails against."
"PogChamp MERLINI USED MANTA PogChamp

PogChamp WTF 3 MERLINIS PogChamp

PogChamp 3 MERLINIS HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE PogChamp"
"Mattarella is head of state, not of government, it would be Matteo Renzi's earnings in this map. "
"&gt; Majjhima Nikaya

Thank you !"
"The only thing I miss from archeage is the extreme open world, and maybe a little bit the housing/farming. :3"
[deleted]
"There's a reason Rumble cannot trade very effectively until level three: it's very difficult to manage your heat without all three abilities. His flamespitter does inferior damage to champions when not in danger zone, and therefore it's not very useful in the first three levels. It makes more sense to simply start E and use that as an aid to farming---non-danger-zoned Q does pitiful damage to minions---and then either take Q or W at level two, the other at level three, and begin trading then. Rumble will lose most trades at level one regardless of what you take. "
"It's fine, trust me. I just recently got a job and have been itching to spend some of my money. "
/r/ShitCrusaderKingsSay
That's just a water bug.
"More information about [Murphy](http://magicrush.wikia.com/wiki/Murphy).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/magicrush) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
One of my favorite posters in more than one reddit! Beautiful!!!
"Thanks for all the feedback everyone.  You guys are the best.  I'm feeling a lot more optimistic about it and my foots feeling better already.  I won't rush it though.  Thanks again.  "
Nice mix of genres there...
"Both are nice, you should expand your horizons a little."
Is it in good shape?
"I got Epic Fetus on a Mega Satan run, and a devil deal popped up on the floor. It had Brimstone, which I really wanted, but I didn't want to abort the Mega Satan run by not getting any more angel rooms. I took it anyways.

I get to the chest: Dad's Key.

I beat him in less than a minute."
Welcome friend :)
D J C O L D L I K E M I N N E S O T A
"Hi! I'm the dev, I can't guarantee that mine it's better, but since it's basically the open source Google keyboard, I think it's quite difficult to make something more optimized!"
"I feel sorry for them, it seems like a crappy way to do things. But I've never used über so I don't know how it all works. "
"I know starladder usually don't have lower bracket system, not even Dota had it. I'm asking in general, as the majors don't have it as well. "
[Don't be!](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp40qrKrpJkGn__yfevh2sg/videos)
"Heb het wel maar maak er nooit gebruik van, kan je er ook niet vinden trouwens "
"Cause nat beast got banned because of /R/YuGiOh /s


Because its really bad too turbo now we have PePe. You can make a way better auto-win conditions."
"I enjoy being a stay-at-home mom. Apparently, that's ""oppressive"", ""backward"", and generally misogynistic.

It's my choice, and it makes me happy and fulfilled ... but lots of people openly, vocally, and aggressively ""disapprove"". I find it hard to give a shit about their judgement."
"Mi profesor de alemán me recomendó este libro! Tiene que ver con la dictadura de Pinochet en Chile, no?"
nice meme
[removed]
You sound like quite the smart photographer. You much have millions of youtube subscribers too.
Just ate some Japanese fried chicken and two green apples for dinner. Now I'm eating Goobers for dessert. The rain is keeping me indoors tonight.
Plenty of stock hanging from big wheel trucks in the South . . .
[removed]
"He replies,  
""Good."""
"Wait.... ""Corporate security gives me lots of options to throw at the decker, adept and mage while still keeping things subtle""?

The person with combat experience has no infiltration, sneaking, or tactics advice to offer?  Look, if its a matter of the potential conversation involving *any* kind of violence, I'd like to get the team's violence expert involved in the planning.  Knowing that the corp mounts turrets in certain areas in one thing, but knowing that the turrets mount weapons that are easily jammed or have low accuracy is something else.  Sure, the decker can pull up a list of what's installed and where, but they guy who handles guns the most should be the person the team turns to for an explanation of what that means for them.  (In other words, cuts down on the metagaming.)

Also, don't discount the benefits or possibilities of advance prep.  Mapping out an escape route, three days before the run, could be hairier if a random KE patrol car follows the driver.  And if the vehicle is stolen? Suddenly you've got a mini-run right there, that could blow the run itself.

If you want, you can find several ways to twist every day, vanilla legwork into nail biters, and make the runas smooth as silk, because the team worked their a$$es off before hand.  Doesn't mean you hand-waive the run: keep them in suspense, even as everything goes according to plan.

"
"Nono, it's STEEL balls"
Perhaps he shouldn't sum up his stance on a complex issue with a single tweet. It's quite easy for the average american to misunderstand when they don't even have the comprehension to know what [dihydrogen monoxide is](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dihydrogen_monoxide_hoax). To expect such a level of comprehension is foolish.
[removed]
through
That looked like it hurt
"Yes buy hung jury, I heart it has a new sick roll this week!"
"Doesnt matter if you tackle with your shoulder-if you hit the head right after he catches it, its a penalty. Solution is pretty simple-dont go high and lead with your helmet."
"Looks like the Bruins - Ottawa game will be a 3 pt night, great"
no
Sounds about right.
Good luck! Heres to no contams and lots of patience
"That doesn't fit their irrational hate though. "
"No recent large additions of stock?

What sticks out to me as odd is that you say you've done a 40% water change and ended up with the same test result. That shouldn't be happening. You're on city water, not well water, so it wouldn't be anything getting washed into your water supply from rain changing your results.

I suggest plugging it all in to aqadvisor.com if you can. I don't know your exact tetra species or canister filter capacity, but I messed around with it a bit using a midsize tetra and I'm seeing some heavy overstock and a recommendation to do a 40% water change weekly.

Maybe start doing water changes twice weekly?"
[deleted]
"Gabe in the clutch, again."
"My dick's nickname is Comcast, because everyone who's tried it has complained."
"I have no idea, I only saw a couple of scenes. It seemed focused on some girl's marriage or something with the in-laws being nosy, scheming bitches."
"Screw that, I wanna play as Raffer."
"I like the little elephants dancing on the table at the end of the video. "
"Can you release the armor panels independently?  I think I'd just mount the anchor points directly to decoy blocks.

I wish for a modded warhead block with only a destructive radius large enough to consume itself."
"Yeah, but all English speaking countries, China, Japan, and India use the period decimal mark, so the majority of the world is using it that way. This shit needs to be standardized. Math is supposed to be universal, yet here are people who (for even a second) thought that this person thought the diameter of the earth was 12 km. "
"Rejoice. "
"this is a lot of stuff. uhm. $30 shipped to Canada?

CLINIQUE eyeshadow/blush trio - swatched, blush is broken - free

CLINIQUE bronzer/blush/eyeshadow quad - swatched - $1

BAREMINERALS stroke of light ds - swatched - $1

BOOTS botanics radiance highlighter pen - fair - swatched - $1

MILANI brow fix brow kit - medium - new - $2.50

MAYBELLINE master shape - soft brown - 80% left - $0.50

NYX micro brow - ash brown - used 1x - $5

IT COSMETICS brow power ds - universal taupe - used 1x, loose in tube - $1

LANCOME hypnose star mascara ds - used 1x, label rubbed off - $2

CLINIQUE bottom lash mascara - used 4x - $5

MAYBELLINE great lash - pop of purple - new - $1.50

BAREMINERALS marvelous moxie lip gloss - birthday babe - new in box - $5

ESSENCE OF BEAUTY lot - 2 conceal, 2 blush, 1 powder, 1 big powder, 1 fine conceal, 1 blender, 1 eye shadow - $3 for lot

BAREMINERALS soft sweep cheek - $1.50

SOHO angled eyeliner brush - $1.50

ELF flat eyeliner brush - new - $1

ELF angled eyeliner brush - new - $1

ELF mini blending brush - new - $0.50

ELF small black brush holder - $3"
?
"A few years ago I fell and landed on my wrist. Hurt like a motherfucker but doctor assured me it was soft tissue damage. 

Long story short 6 months later an x-Ray revealed that I had a broken wrist, un-treated for half a year, the bone in my wrist (scaphoid, I believe) was crumbling away due to the break not allowing blood to flow through, or something like that. 

I had an operation to scrape out the crumbled portion of bone, replace it with bone from my arm and pinned together. 

I tell everyone the scar is a shark bite. "
[deleted]
[deleted]
"But when he falls on his own, he scores."
"&gt; Tribalism is part of the game.

Especially against division rivals!"
THERE IS A LOT OF FOOTBALL LEFT. BELIEVE!!!!
He stood up.
If only you could write in chinese. I mean atleast he would understand you are thankfull.
"It's a walgreens actually, thanks"
"He was (by all appearance) only scraping by earning enough only for himself. And babies was specifically mentioned
&gt;Lately my newsfeed has been filled with my peers getting married, buying houses, having babies

She (like any sane parent to be) wanted her perspective children to do slightly better than scrape by - should she have been more open and honest about him with a frank discussion before ending the relationship?

Absolutely.

Still, if she had reason to expect that he'd not willing change, and thought ending the relationship would either serve as a shock to change his mind (though personally I'm not a fan of that kind of ultimatum), or failing that end it cleanly as it would never have worked anyway.   
It was an understandable thing to do. Just not ideal in hindsight.

Certainly doesn't make her a gold digging whore like far too many people are insinuating.

"
"You'll have heavier periods and I can feel mine if it hits in the right spot.  It's not a big deal, I just let my partner know and we change positions.

I love it.  The cramps are worse but easily combatted with ibuprofen."
But what does this confirm?  That protesters will be booted from political rallies?
"I see, the Moonblast one, please!"
Ready to trade now. I'm online
"That sucks to hear, just had a friend get in an accident due to a drunk driver today as well. Completely off topic, how was your tour in Korea? I am thinking about requesting Korea."
We won
『牽制』とか『反撃』とかクッソどうでもいいから　質問の答えを国民に教えろや
"I fucking hate that guy. "
"I KNOW! 

That girl comes over and sits on his lap and I was just thinking: ""NO WAY WOULD I LET *ANYONE* NEAR ME AFTER THAT!"""
[removed]
"Man, this game looks like it was just about impossible to beat without constantly feeding it quarters. "
I'm more curious how they get a heavy blade to go parallel with their spine.
"Are these recommendations? (sorry, kind of new to this)"
this is how I remember his year in LA going
"Tastes a lot like Sambuca. Gets cloudy when mixed with cold water. Used to drink it with an Iraqi bartender i knew ...
"
"Thank you, I thinking something like what you said, but where everything except your main can't go past 80. "
Do you mind if I ask how many of you are on this project?
Yeah but I think it ONLY tracks the lobby in Janus
wow gre/a/t f/a/n/a/rt bub :))))))))))))))))))))
I have to say my favorite reactions are Blind Wave.  They have a great channel.
"Nice shot, good catch."
"&gt; Current religion aside from some radical Islam is good morals.

Jehovah witnesses? Scientology? Universal Church of the Kingdom of God? 

&gt; But is thow shall not murder really brain washing in the bad sense?

On its own not really. But religion is not just that. In fact the first three commandments that come way before that one should make that very clear.


"
"When working on cars, the more information the better to make a good diagnosis. All these issues are probably connected. Maybe not. But possibly."
yo check that spelling
Gotchu
well at least its a game still
Oh shit. I do sexual stuff. Maybe *I* killed Teresa Halbach!
Looking forward to watching the new OpTic Halo pick up stainislaw
What a game! The boys in teal looked hungry as fuck. Swarmed the net and finished plays. Here is to setting the pace for the second half!!
I have a v3700 and have never seen this happen... Maybe firmware? Have you called IBM?
BUNGLES BE BUNGLIN
"Football mainly, Go HAWKS. I also like baseball (mariners fan. Even through these tough times). "
I'm trying to catch up...
[removed]
"We'll see that's where they're wrong. They're not the alpha species, WE'RE all in the alpha species. They thought nazis were a separate species. That's factually incorrect unlike what I am saying "
[removed]
":/ that's rough man. Keep to it! "
[deleted]
"It depends on the type of person you are and the staff that you work with.

No matter what though, you will be expected to work hard for little pay."
Full pump on that
"http://i.imgur.com/Igb0eSk.png

[](#nanami-hug)"
what... shit... you never told me. I'm so sorry
"This happened to me. Thanks for the advice in clearing remote settings "
"Babcock does not like Bernier I think. "
"Any of the ones that sound like hockey commentators for their team and tennis/ golf for the other team. Looking at you Cavs, Hawks, Rockets, Celtics, Spurs, Warriors and Nuggets commentators."
"There's these things called opinions, you see. Everyone has them but sometimes they are different."
Not necessarily. I'm very much in the same boat :/
My left arm doesnt go fully straight
"
# *FULL MOVIE ""Terminator Genisys 2015""  tablet film now link to view ac3 solarmovie trailer*

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description movie **Terminator Genisys 2015**:

&gt;  When John Connor, leader of the human resistance, sends Sgt. Kyle Reese back to 1984 to protect Sarah Connor and safeguard the future, an unexpected turn of events creates a fractured timeline.

&gt; .


***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Terminator Genisys 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Terminator%20Genisys%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Terminator Genisys 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Terminator%20Genisys%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Terminator Genisys 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Terminator%20Genisys%202015)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Terminator Genisys 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Terminator%20Genisys%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Terminator Genisys 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Terminator%20Genisys%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Terminator Genisys 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Terminator%20Genisys%202015)
***

&gt; . 

&gt; .terminator: 
genisys 
2015 
dvd 
release 
date
terminator: 
genisys 
2015 
movie 
online
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
full 
movie 
online 
free
terminator: 
genisys 
2015 
showtimes
New 
Upcoming 
Hollywood 
Movie 
Terminator 
Genisys 
2015 
Trailer 
Terminator 
Genisys 
(2015) 
English 
Movie 
Official 
Trailer 
Terminator 
Genisys 
(2015) 
Hollywood
terminator: 
genisys 
2015 
rating
terminator 
genisys 
2015
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
online
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
youtube 
movies
terminator: 
genisys 
2015 
free 
download
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
dvd 
cover
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
youtube
terminator 
genisys 
(2015) 
full 
movie 
download
terminator: 
genisys 
2015 
imdb
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
matt 
smith
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
torrent
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
hdrip
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
rated
Upcoming 
English 
Movie 
Terminator 
Genisys 
(2015) 
Official
terminator: 
genisys 
2015 
movie
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
full 
movie 
online
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
torrent 
kickass
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
dvd
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
full 
movie
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
wikipedia
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
trailer
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
kickass
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
pictures
terminator: 
genisys 
2015 
movie 
poster
terminator 
genisys 
2015 
vodlocker

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .[DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Inside.. Out.. 2015"".. .. DVD9.. without.. signing.. bitsnoop.. butler.. yts.. streaming](https://www.reddit.com/409i6o),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Paul.. Blart:.. Mall.. Cop.. 2.. 2015"".. .. TVRip.. extratorrent.. MOV.. AVI.. putlocker.. XViD.. now.. link.. to.. view](https://www.reddit.com/409hpw),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Pay.. the.. Ghost.. 2015"".. .. direct.. link.. IPTVRip.. 1080p.. XViD.. without.. registering.. Dub](https://www.reddit.com/409i2q),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Survivor.. 2015"".. .. torrent.. for.. mobile.. without.. signing.. 1280p.. PC.. solarmovie](https://www.reddit.com/409huj),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""Ali.. Baba.. and.. the.. Seven.. Dwarfs.. 2015"".. .. sumotorrent.. youtube.. yify.. VHSRip.. no.. registration.. megashare.. download.. x264](https://www.reddit.com/409hy4),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Manjhi:.. The.. Mountain.. Man.. 2015"".. .. DVDRip.. dailymotion.. online.. coolmoviezone.. bitsnoop.. for.. mobile.. streaming](https://www.reddit.com/409hsr),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Spare.. Parts.. 2015"".. .. DVDRip.. HQ.. android.. FilmClub.. subtitles.. dubbed](https://www.reddit.com/409hw1),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Home.. 2015"".. .. film.. Dub.. full.. iPad.. PC.. coolmoviezone.. trailer.. BrRip](https://www.reddit.com/409i9a),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Point.. Break.. 2015"".. .. Dub.. without.. registering.. vumoo.. iOS.. no.. pay.. download](https://www.reddit.com/409hz2),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Danny.. Collins.. 2015"".. .. HQ.. youtube.. DVDRip.. AVC.. trailer.. free](https://www.reddit.com/409i7p),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""War.. Room.. 2015"".. .. sumotorrent.. FilmClub.. look.. x264.. without.. registering.. online.. yts](https://www.reddit.com/409hi2)"
"He posted a bit of an explanation [here](http://fishingboatproceeds.tumblr.com/post/89061922353/dont-you-think-that-having-two-teenagers-kiss-in) on his blog.  
If I remember correctly (it's been a while) the scene was pretty tasteful in the book."
"I found that once I have been in ketosis, it's easier to get back in, especially if it was only a small amount of carbs that kicked me out. Once you burn those off, you will be golden. "
"I was planning to, yes! I'll let you know when it starts, so you can check out the list of villagers. "
"1-The Bridge on the River Kwai
2-Schindler's List 
3-Full Metal Jacket
4-Saving Private Ryan
5-Beasts of No Nation

Apocalypse Now probably belongs on here but I haven't seen it yet-in my to watch list"
"I wouldn't be surprised if we see the price drop a bit below IPO with people looking to make a quick buck then sell off. Probably not likely though, I'm holding this long. I got in too late for star7, focused on that and only have a few thousand star8. Not gonna let that happen again."
"Eyewitness testimony is notoriously terrible. The Innocence Project [reports](http://www.innocenceproject.org/causes-wrongful-conviction) that 72% of the wrongful convictions they overturned involved eyewitness misidentification. 

Basically, people are really bad at remember faces they see only briefly, and since memories are edited every time they're accessed, the police often accidentally or purposefully lead the witness/victim to alter their original memory of the perpetrator. This is an area where most of us are way more suggestible than we'd like to think."
"""Hey bean, I'ma hit you with my left. No, right. Psych! With the left."""
"I GM for Pathfinder; I write all my own stuff. So not really short stories or novels, but goddamn does it take time."
"""Funny.""

*He sighs.*

""No, it's...different. There's a newfound respect for life, for people. Makes killing a hell of a lot less fun, that's for sure."""
Congrats!
"I don't think there are any 28"" IPS panels--they're all TN at that size."
Yeah it also imbalances the heat in the rest of the house making the bedrooms really cold. We never use it.
"That sums up my life for a long time. I still think like that but not just for the sake of getting away from everyone to start over but it seems like there are more trans-friendly things on the west side of the country and more opportunities as far as jobs. If I had the money, a place to live, and a job already set up in another state I would have left a long time ago."
"You have to have a kit or powerup with explosives to drop.  Yeah, you could ""stop shooting"" and you still have to do that.  The difference is Vader no longer has to push one button to be invincible from the front for the whole round."
Ask him when his last relationship ended. That might give you some insight. If his answer is anything other than sometime in the very recent past then you know he's being dishonest.
"Realistically? Cost.

Guns are expensive. Even cheap ammo is expensive when you're buying that many."
"Number 2 is a strategy RPG. Neither are action. "
Comment karma hit me back
Im enjoying it
[deleted]
"Yeah.  I wonder if there are other Stim Drone combos out there.

As far as lethality vs health I'm not sure.  I think maybe they might have gone a bit too far, but I'm not sure if that might be because the stun + vulnerability combo is exaggerating the impact.
"
"""I'm a female.""

&gt;Genitalia doesn't validate your gender.

""I don't know who I am anymore."""
r/nottheonion
"Shame our Govt. won't attempt to do anything to get it back. As long as they have Clipsal and the TDU, they seem to be happy."
This is so much better than 4 on 4
"Maybe I can track the killers ip by making a gui interface in visual basic "
boo... hoo...
[deleted]
"I don't know how that is even possible, my team is trash."
That's not emotional blackmail. Those are physical actions to attempt to restrain you physically.
[deleted]
"Jordan Chandler, Emanual Lewis, Macalue Culkin and 20 others:http://www.breitbart.com/big-hollywood/2015/04/06/claim-michael-jackson-paid-at-least-200m-to-silence-20-child-molestation-victims/

Are you not into MJ like really?"
"I don't know her motivation, women are human beings and human beings are complicated.  

All of these ideas people throw around about alphas and betas, providers and lovers, etc. are just a really childish and simplistic way to view relationships.  And yeah, there's usually a strong element of misogyny behind those ideas."
I like the textures
"Just a few pages before what you have to set the mood, But what you have is well done."
"
# *ONLINE MOVIE ""Absolutely Anything 2015""  rarBG film HDTS iPhone ac3 no registration*

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description movie **Absolutely Anything 2015**:

&gt;  A group of eccentric aliens confer a human being with the power to do absolutely anything, as an experiment.

&gt; .


***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Absolutely Anything 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Absolutely%20Anything%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Absolutely Anything 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Absolutely%20Anything%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Absolutely Anything 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Absolutely%20Anything%202015)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Absolutely Anything 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Absolutely%20Anything%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Absolutely Anything 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Absolutely%20Anything%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Absolutely Anything 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Absolutely%20Anything%202015)
***

&gt; . 

&gt; .absolutely 
anything 
2015
Have 
you 
noticed 
that 
Vice 
President 
Binay 
and 
Senators 
Poe 
Escudero 
and 
Marcos 
all 
sound 
alike? 
They 
are 
running 
campaigns 
whether 
recognized 
officially 
or 
not.
The 
inside 
track 
on 
Washington 
politics. 
Be 
the 
first 
to 
know 
about 
new 
stories 
from 
PowerPost. 
Sign 
up 
to 
follow 
and 
we’ll 
e-mail 
you 
free 
updates 
as
Ironman 
Lake 
Placid 
2015. 
What: 
A 
race 
consisting 
of 
a 
2.4 
mile 
swim 
112 
mile 
bike 
and 
a 
26.2 
mile 
marathon 
When: 
July 
26 
2015 
Where: 
Lake 
Placid 
New 
York
absolutely 
anything 
2015 
watch 
online 
free
The 
editors 
of 
Marie 
Claire 
are 
traveling 
the 
world 
to 
bring 
you 
the 
latest 
fashion 
news 
shopping 
tips 
and 
fashion 
show 
coverage.
Why 
Binay 
Poe 
Escudero 
and 
Marcos 
all 
sound 
alike 
| 
The
absolutely 
anything 
2015 
box 
cover
Fall 
2015 
Anime 
Chart 
v3 
(2015.09.30) 
| 
Neregate
Find 
It's 
Your 
Way 
US 
proposes 
to 
sell 
5000 
Hellfire 
missiles 
worth 
$800m 
to 
Iraq 
WASHINGTON: 
The 
US 
State
Fashion 
- 
Latest 
2015 
Fashion 
Trends 
&amp;amp; 
News 
For 
Women
absolutely 
anything 
(2015)
absolutely 
anything 
2015 
release 
date
absolutely 
anything 
2015 
vodlocker
absolutely 
anything 
2015 
720p 
torrent
M15 
- 
Magic 
2015 
Spoiler 
- 
MTG 
Visual 
Spoiler
Rizvi 
Online 
- 
Find 
It's 
Your 
Way
Version 
3 
Release 
notes 
(2015.09.30) 
: 
And 
it’s 
here. 
The 
Fall 
anime 
season 
is 
just 
around 
the 
corner 
hope 
you’ll 
find 
stuff 
to 
enjoy! 
Time 
taken 
: 
~6h30m
absolutely 
anything 
2015 
watch 
online
absolutely 
anything 
2015 
download
Obsev 
Entertainment 
– 
Daily 
Celebrity 
News
absolutely 
anything 
2015 
full 
movie
MTG 
- 
Magic 
2015 
Core 
Set; 
M15 
Spoiler; 
Number 
of 
Cards: 
269 
Prerelease 
Events: 
July 
12-13 
2014 
Release 
Date: 
July 
18 
2014 
Game 
Day: 
August 
9-10 
2014 
Official
absolutely 
anything 
(2015) 
trailer
Your 
source 
for 
daily 
entertainment 
news 
and 
coverage 
of 
the 
films 
TV 
and 
music 
you 
need 
to 
need 
to 
know 
about.
2015 
Ironman 
Lake 
Placid 
Race 
Report: 
The 
Swim 
Bike 
Mom
absolutely 
anything 
2015 
torrent
absolutely 
anything 
2015 
online
Absolutely 
everything 
you 
need 
to 
know 
about 
how 
the
absolutely 
anything 
2015 
stream
absolutely 
anything 
2015 
review

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .[ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Danny.. Collins.. 2015"".. .. HQ.. youtube.. DVDRip.. AVC.. trailer.. free](https://www.reddit.com/409i7p),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Hunger.. Games:.. Mockingjay.. -.. Part.. 2.. 2015"".. .. iOS.. full.. online.. video.. HQ.. download.. imdb.. vumoo](https://www.reddit.com/409ign),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Pay.. the.. Ghost.. 2015"".. .. direct.. link.. IPTVRip.. 1080p.. XViD.. without.. registering.. Dub](https://www.reddit.com/409i2q),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Furious.. 7.. 2015"".. .. VHSRip.. sumotorrent.. IPTVRip.. EZTV.. download.. english.. movie25](https://www.reddit.com/409hli),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Joy.. 2015"".. .. AVI.. download.. DVD9.. iOS.. 1080p.. high.. definition.. video.. HDRip](https://www.reddit.com/409hh8),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""The.. 33.. 2015"".. .. 480p.. iPad.. 1080p.. VHSRip.. now.. video](https://www.reddit.com/409ic3),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Avengers:.. Age.. of.. Ultron.. 2015"".. .. DVD5.. dubbed.. download.. tablet.. HDRip.. ac3.. movie](https://www.reddit.com/409ile),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""Dilwale.. 2015"".. .. link.. to.. view.. PC.. Dub.. extratorrent.. HQ.. english.. trailer.. TVRip](https://www.reddit.com/409il3),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""Momentum.. 2015"".. .. android.. thepiratebay.. iOS.. DVDRip.. BluRay.. BDRemux.. full.. iPad](https://www.reddit.com/409he5),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Little.. Boy.. 2015"".. .. PC.. for.. mobile.. bitsnoop.. imdb.. kickass.. dailymotion.. yts](https://www.reddit.com/409hlv)"
"Not sure what was more terrifying, the Mickey satellite in the intro or Threepio rapping...."
"Oh thats not a back peddle on my opinion. They addressed me bating people to comment instead of just downvoting so thats what I replied about.

I still think that scene was in bad taste. I get what they were going for but it missed its mark and came off as run of the mill shock comedy."
[deleted]
wtf
"The Wyatt Family can only exist with Bray Wyatt and is a desperate attempt to make him seem interesting, but it's not at the expense of Luke Harper, Eric Rowan, or Braun Strowman..."
ill add anyone
"

*Last checked: 08:29PM EST-0500*"
[deleted]
Definitely either New Americana by Halsey or Happy by Pharell Williams. The chorus for New Americana is just... so... *cringeworthy*
No
"Have you ever taken acid and like been at a club or out somewhere and towards the end of the trip the noise and reality makes your brain feels shattered, you feel vulnerable, and you just want to crawl into a warm blanket and watch Fraggle Rock where everything is soft and warm?  That's how I felt after leaving the theatre. "
"I just wanted to say, I know your not a fan of weights so far, but I was the same. I did not want to do weights. To me weights were the machines, some dumbell like stuff etc and it was just boring and I really had no plan so it wasn't fun or challenging. My BF harped on me to do weights too but I just didn't want to/wasn't ready. I just never had a good plan, and I don't think the machines are really all that effective. I was a cardio Junkie the last 3 years. Well after reading this sub I decided to give free weights, and the barbell a try. I started  SL 5x5 and I love it so far. It's fairly quick to do. I can usually get done in about 30 minutes. I know exactly what I'm supposed to do and the weight progression. Takes any guesswork out as I'm new. And it's only 3 days a week and bam it's done. The strength I'm getting is really really helping my running progress. I never thought I'd break a 9 minute mile ever. Well last week I did! So maybe don't throw away weight lifting quite yet if you have other cardio goals where strength will be your friend. 

Otherwise things I like doing are I take adult ballet and hip hop classes. My city has an adult drop in studio for beginners to advanced. It's freaken awesome. I've been wanting to get back into ballet forever except it's usually only for younger people (I'm 32...way to old to be a ballerina hahaha). But the classes are great workouts for core, isometric toning and they are so fun. They also do a ballet barre class which is just for core and form. A lot of places offer this too. 

You might like your gyms boot camp classes. They are great for body weight exercises and other things they do will also help you gain strength in a different way and you will get a cardio blast at the same time. 

Otherwise I just run, I want to do a marathon some day, so I just run. "
I don't use reversals personally but the answer would be no with respect to hexagrams. As always let your own experience guide you as well. m1thr0s
good T Kerr...love it
[removed]
ITT: gold
"**CAMSHOWS** 
&gt; after a long pause, cam shows are finally back! all shows are shot on a logitech c920, so the quality should be above-average. shows are done over skype. 
&gt;
&gt;i will not do certain things on cam that i will do on kik, so please send me a pm, or message me on skype at *patheticcries* to discuss your show. 
&gt;
&gt;i will not do anything sexual for longer than 20 minutes, for my own comfort.
&gt;
&gt;shows are $3/min, and are bumped up to $4/min for anything labor-intensive (anal, oil, etc.). i reserve the right to refuse any request i get, so please be understanding if i decline you.

**KIK SESSIONS**
&gt; my personal favorite! i love dirty-talking and sending lots of pics and videos to get us both off. my rates include the cost of not only sending unlimited pictures and videos, but showing full face as well.
&gt;
&gt;15min - $25 | 30min - $45 | 60min - $75 

**GFE** 
&gt; all information about my GFE's can be found [here.](http://puu.sh/mJX0Q/a3eeaf33ea.png) 
&gt;
&gt;my interests include anime, pop-punk bands (fall out boy, p!atd, etc.), bass guitar, art, history, economics, politics, and plenty of other things! i would love to get to know you!!

**PANTIES**
&gt;craving to have an actual part of my wardrobe at your disposal? i have plenty of panties to send your way, and i will customize them to your liking &lt;3
&gt;
&gt;all panties are at least $35 for two days of wear, add-on's can be discussed for an additional price. the panties come with free shipping, a handwritten note spritz'd with perfume + a lipstick kiss, and a few pictures of me wearing them! 

my payment methods are **squarecash**, bitcoin, and giftrocket. i will also take amazon giftcard if the purchase is $35 or below. 

feel free to add me on kik at **dumbfuckhead** or on skype at **patheticcries** to discuss! "
"the picture of pouring the cream hurt my brain for a second. looks delicious, though"
"Oh yea, me too. Great minds thing alike. Now let's see which one thinks more. O_o"
I miss Sheila.
"dubs playing better basketball, obviously. but what could he possibly be upset about from the officials "
Anytime bud
"As a VAR I find the two storage options that gets folks excited are Tintri and Tegile.

Since you seem so giddy about Tintri maybe you should take a peak at Tegile to see if it's just infatuation or if it is just the best fit for you and that's what's got you so excited.

If you're interested, feel free to PM me and I'll get you in touch with their team."
&gt; #/s
"I wish I had bought more semi auto rifles during the Bush years. During Obama's tenure the prices rose sharply and if Sander's in elected prices are sure to continue rising. 

I really shouldn't profit from people's fears, but damn some private FFL carrying firearm collectors/traders/investors have made out like BANDITS."
"What do all these women gave in common? Personality traits. Quirks. Moles. Background. Childhood trauma. The way they communicate. The way they handle anger. 

The point is to figure out if they're all the same type you're being drawn to. Then go for the exact opposite. 

It's either the women you attract or its you and nobody wants to be mean and tell you what it is you're doing. Oh and toe jam in the sheets??? Clean your damn feet lol"
College textbooks.
Do you know the year of birth of your great grandfather?
*Kemba Misses*
69%
I'd suck that cock dry
very valuable in kazakhstan
It always amazes me when I stop to think about it.
"He was a frequenter, I believe an explorer or something. Kept referring to himself as Law Enforcement via making statements like ""we do"" or ""we don't"" where ""we"" = LE. I believe /u/beachcop got on him about it pretty good and then carelton deleted his account shortly after. "
lol
How were you not getting 60 fps with a 980 ti
Sorry to the kitchen managers ive offended...
"Oh man, this was years ago. On a national average peak days of aggression were on Fridays; lowest on Sundays. Come Monday people commuting to and from work start acting up. It incrementally gets worse throughout the work week. Then on Saturday there is an exponential drop in aggression. 

I also remember the psychological phenomenon where people behind a windshield often experience a sense of autonomy. The term ""windshield"" is very important because suddenly you're judging other cars rather than human faces. This then leads to reduced personal accountability and inhibitions, which would explain why even the nicest person suddenly becomes unrecognizable. 
 "
"I call for a rumake of this with Katya as Jan. "
fucking LMA butterfingers
Plenty of children do not believe in the tooth fairy.
perfect thanks!
"Did you ask him why he engaged in a street fight armed with a knife against another person? Just because a person is nice or smart or even genuine, it doesn't excuse them from being unfit for society. "
"I'm sitting right behind Kerr, I heard what he said to get the T.

""What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target."""
"All my beats are free to use. Feel free to download it and do whatever you'd like with the beat. Just make sure you share it with me before you do. 

BALLAS"
So.. anyone up for a free bus ride to Ottawa?
"I'm glad you were able to successfully move on, it sounds like you're doing alright. =)

I also got back to some of my hobbies and old positive character traits I had when I was independent, so I kind of see what you're saying.

I'm not planning on exiting quite yet, but maybe one day, I'll decide I can't fight negative thoughts anymore, and I may have to. If that's the case, I know I'll be okay too. :)"
why lead with Shiva instead of Leilan???
"if you land a headshot, it's great. if you don't, it's almost useless. and nobody is good enough at landing headshots to justify using chaperone over a normal shotgun."
"I'm not saying that Israel should try to survive without a great power ally

I am saying that relying solely on America to fulfill that need is foolish"
[deleted]
"https://www.reddit.com/r/MakingaMurderer/comments/40ihhg/allow_me_to_clear_up_the_blood_vial_thing_if_i_may/?

This has some pics although I'm not certain it's the same post I saw previously. I can't get the images to open right now but don't want to close out just yet and close out of my tabs just yet.  If I find others I will post them as well. "
"How would you like it cooked, sir?
""Cut the horns and wipe the ass."""
"My bad, dork. "
Sadly it was never finished AFAIK. No updates since 2012.
"This has to do with the tooltip error... how? I'm genuinely curious how the OP state of Karl has to do with how things are programmed or spelled on completely unrelated characters. "
South Park kind of took this joke [to the next level](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HumancentiPad).
"I'd hate to be the guy who gets a box of this set and gets this and that RP Grade 2 as 2 of their RRR's.....still wonder whether Ahsha or Nightrose will be the other GR (the first is without a doubt Altmile) But I digress. The card is fine as a backup, but thats usually not what we want at RRR, or at least me."
Is Lanzini more of a winger?
That is indeed a jam packed heart felt barn owl.
Oh yeah you need CBliss
"&gt; For the Heat sync we used a soup can.

Grr...  First of all, it's one word.  Second, it's not capitalized.  And third it's ""sink"" not ""sync.""  

While you may be confused and think that it synchronizes the temperature of the CPU with the object, that's ... overly cute.

Instead, the term derives from 19th century thermodynamics.  It's a sink -- a place that collects stuff.  The big metal object is used to collect and store the heat that the CPU produces until it can be removed in an effective manner via a fan.  The term ""sink"" in this case has a rather precise meaning in Physics.

Also, the best way for you to do this would simply be to get a voltage controller and try to run it around the CPU's native voltage across the power pins on the CPU.  There's likely only two of them, but you'll need something like 80A @ 1.5V - that would give you 120W.  At that point you only need a socket and a lab style power supply - no RAM, no OS, no PSU.  CPUs, when used correctly, are incredibly good at not producing heat on idle.  You will only maximize heat output by stressing it.  For a Pentium 4 3.0GHz, almost anything modern would do that but Prime95 is an obvious choice."
"Agreed. There were a lot of HUGE interceptions on Sunday. Colemans and Von Millers, especially. Also offensively, no love for Browns 86 yard TD?"
"No, they actually planned on this happening, but they needed to book a date so that they can show a loss of money being caused to them because MMA is illegal in NY.  I remember reading they had to show a financial loss in court and that this would be part of the process. "
"[Plenty of affordable houses in the suburbs.](http://www.domain.com.au/428-luxford-road-lethbridge-park-nsw-2770-2012538718) 

It's something I notice a lot in this generation, the 'I demand to live in the inner west / city south / north sydney. But it's so expensive because [insert: chinese buyers, baby boomers, lib/lab, negative gearing, unicorns].' Nobody ever addresses the fact that it's expensive because every other person and their dog wants to buy a house there, some of whom have better paying jobs than you. That's why it is called a market, people pay what they can afford to live in places they desire. "
"Yea, I started college January 10th on a soccer scholarship! We met through social media and after I took a job, saved enough money, had some help from an aunt, I bought myself a car, bought out the remainder of my apartment lease and moved into the dorms this month!!(: It's alright if you don't believe me.. I was just sharing! "
"And how do you reconcile this with the fact that for a Force Ghost to appear, the person's body must disappear? "
"I didn't say anything about any of those things, nor did I imply anything about any of them. I just said we should have a sticky. "
"When you're trying to drink out of your mod, it's time to leave the bar, boss. ;)"
"Putting your dick on your roomate's chapstick, you're a monster!"
"Victini if you have, if not no harm done. Do we add you or deposit if you don't mind me asking?"
[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/ToyotaTacoma/comments/42pw53/trucking_around_az/) by /u/Emoney404 in /r/ToyotaTacoma
"Aw, thanks."
Ooh I love souls in my hot sauce!
Don't. You probably don't need one more thing emptying your bank account for you.
"Yah, I'm having the same thoughts.  He should do fine in the regular season.  I think it may be quite a mental challenge when it comes to his next playoff game.  The good thing is that one great play off game should get him past this."
uh visceral attacks and on the prowl are both very good
[deleted]
The 3rd is our strongest so I'm not too worried for now
"Yeah. There was just some point when I was like ""wait where even is she right now? Wait this other person is dead? When did that happen?"" And I just kept getting more lost"
I'd say that looks closer to [anime character](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/CuteLittleFangs) than vampire.
Get your rhythm together
"I think it's just compulsive or pathological lying. 

I had a roommate once say he sold his beater Grand Marquis (with 20s which he claimed were 22s)  for 75,000 and that he bought a new Lincoln LS.

Of course two days later he came up with some nonsense story about how the guy backed out and he was going to sue."
"Heh, interesting! "
"We aren't relating to them, we are relating to those who posted this and feel like commenting on it. Sorry if that wasn't clear."
"Guys, we may have found a way to beat the skeletons."
2000 clk 320. Only 55k miles. It had to be towed when I bought it (that made it very cheap). Needed a crankshaft position sensor to get it running. I was happy to get it because I sold my first car (2000 Clk 320 hardtop w/217k miles) to move to Hawaii in August. Still working through the bugs with your help :)
Dat Shadow of the Colossus tho
"Typed on mobile, much easier to just mesh it all in one."
"Ahri, Ekko, Talon"
Trio Master: MegaDelibird
"This kind of comment might not be allowed in r/vegetarian, but I think it's important to know (and I wish I had known this when I became vegetarian). If you're going vegetarian for ethical reasons, I would recommend that you also boycott factory farmed eggs, which cause immense levels of [suffering](http://everydayutilitarian.com/essays/how-much-suffering-is-in-the-standard-american-diet/) and [death](http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/guest-blog/want-to-kill-fewer-animals-give-up-eggs-not-meat/). Or at the very least, reduce your egg consumption."
Thunderbirds !
"Spur fans don't worry let me just say we are playing better than average today. May I also suggest you guys are playing pretty bad compared with how you usually play. "
Just a quick update it will probably be the weekend before I get time to try this again. Thanks again for the help
"What if you threaten someone, another person witnesses it, but the first person says ""huh?"""
[deleted]
"Check out Modelmayhem many models will work for free on a TFP (Time for prints) basis to build their portfolio. You can also find photographers here, but this is where you really want to find someone that matches your style that you have in mind for your business. I'm guessing anywhere from $500 to a couple of grand for a good photographer. "
"Oh god.  It took me a while to realize it was looping.
"
"I love whiskey, I can't stand peaty whiskeys. It's like blowing a bogman. "
[deleted]
"And that's why, when someone quits, you have all of their work reviewed and re-issued by someone who is still with the company. "
At least you chose a school with a good engineering program. You could have really fucked up and went to Texas Tech. Sometimes the bullshit you put up with can make you a better person. Yea you might have missed out on some of the things Austin offers but you'll have your tamu experience and hopefully you turn that into something positive. That being said cstat sucks if you aren't a upper middle class douchey white guy.
cs is ez
Straight time.
Hook
"The Exorcist. I saw it in the theater, too young really, and it screwed my mind up for a year and a half."
choking so hard right now.. missing badly. looks lost on D. zzzzzz
"&gt; shit happens it's hockey.

Yeah well if the shit happening the past three weeks is the shit that happens any longer, this season will be over a lot earlier than we planned"
third one this season i think
What kind of spot treatment do you use?
Hidan no Aria?
"We've had clinicians come in and criticize the junior high teachers for putting them past a three. The aforementioned clinician, some big city professor doesn't like/let his kids play past a 3.5.

What that actually means, I'm a brass player, take everything I said with a grain of salt. Might as well be snake speak to me. "
"I feel like Debussy is an ISFJ, like Monet, because of their Impressionism. "
I'm thinking of starting one to fund my tubal just to see how much breeder outrage I can generate. My bet: lots.
"True...it seems like the ""clean shaven"" look has been in for the last decade.  Everyone has their own tastes...but for me...no hair makes me feel like it's some underage girl.  I've always been a fan of the neatly trimmed landing strip.  And frankly I'd take the girl in the picture over clean shaven/waxed.  Thanks for the share."
Solid edit. Great job...
[Here](http://imgur.com/Tt1C0xs)
The Kollege Klub - Madison
"Also remember that if you bring a spear to a fight to use it as a fucking spear. Remember kids, spears are not bats."
"you're what's right with the world. "
"Tough to say then, I like to live life on the edge, but I can't say what you should do, if it were me I would run it again"
"As a former packer myself, i can tell you that i would not have put air bubbles (aka: doneage) in that box. something like that i just wouldnt worry about.,\"
Jesus that's fucking dark but makes the point.
"Q1. 21
Q2. Unsure 6 hours maybe
Q3 i dk what that is."
"Castaway on the Moon

It's a little cheesy but it helped me get through a rough patch of my life. "
*all according to keikaku
[deleted]
"That rig is closer to 300 to 400 horsepower with anywhere from 80p to 1800 lb-ft of torque, not to mention the torque multiplication from the trans and rear ends."
Your post doesn't make any sense.
Houston to space command: do you read me
Then downvote it and move on.
"Are you familiar with the developer tools in Chrome? It's easy to find this stuff if you know where to look.

If you launch dev tools in Chrome (press F12) and (1) switch to the network tab and (2) choose XHR as your filter then start clicking around, (3) you'll start seeing the API calls being made. I've taken a screenshot and labeled it with those numbers for you: http://imgur.com/KQcxFFC

From there, you just have to figure out how it works on your own. For this one, it's a simple call so it's really easy to figure out. Hope that helps!"
"He could have grown a spine and stuck to his principles, instead he let Hillary drive him to his extremist anti-2A policy. Then she mocks his flip flopping. Hilarious, she broke him and she knew it."
"[Here's my art](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/654499822926364673/dzDQJhOy.jpg). If you like it, [this](https://www.facebook.com/nichpatzeltart/) is the guy who made it for me."
"My ancestors wanna get drunk as far as I'm aware (Irish, Scottish, German is about all I know.)"
[removed]
"This user posted some bullshit earlier. Links to an old October article about why Bernie wont be a good president. Mods, please block this troll. "
It's little things like this that make me love Rusev.
"how does the headless body snap, without a mouth? 

or do you mean the body whips itself around?"
"Yeah this game thread is weird. It's not too shitty like a Rockets or Clippers thread, but not civil either. 

It's like a tug-of-war between respect and shitpost and I think the more we get blown out, the more shitposty it'll get lol"
"Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r42m2b0?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Palpatine'' Your Hate Has Made You Powerful  ''](https://youtube.com/watch?v=-x7mYvellY4)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/civbattleroyale/comments/42m2b0/_/czbgpxd?context=10#czbgpxd) - They&amp;#39;re getting stronger. Their hate has made them powerful. 
[Sabaton - Coat of Arms (Lyrics English &amp; Deutsch)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=URf7eA_aajs)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/civbattleroyale/comments/42m2b0/_/czbezhc?context=10#czbezhc) - LET&amp;#39;S DO THIS, ME! TO WAR! 
[99 red balloons-Nena](https://youtube.com/watch?v=VPOAeDBH1_U)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/civbattleroyale/comments/42m2b0/_/czc6p1z?context=10#czc6p1z) - I thought it was a clever play on 99 Luftballons since we&amp;#39;re kinda waging silly wars.  Apparently it&amp;#39;s not but I kinda like it. 
[Monty Python - Always Look on the Bright Side of Life](https://youtube.com/watch?v=jHPOzQzk9Qo)|[0](https://reddit.com/r/civbattleroyale/comments/42m2b0/_/czbead2?context=10#czbead2) - All comments with 🎈s in them used to have 2-5~ish points but I pisssed people of by having a comment on &amp;quot;the poll&amp;quot; thread as a source for &amp;quot;I&amp;#39;m the 4:th most active commenter&amp;quot; (which was a lie since I&amp;amp...
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)"
[deleted]
"This submission has been removed.

Untagged or improperly tagged spoilers are not allowed.

Repeated violations of this rule will result in a ban.

Self and link posts should have [Spoilers] in the title as well as the name(s) of the show(s). Self posts may opt to tag spoilers in the self post instead.

Comments should use `[spoiler source](#s ""spoiler-chan died"")` to protect spoilers. Spoiler source should, at a minimum, contain the relevant source of the spoiler (e.g. One Piece episode 200, or if it's from a different medium, LN/Manga/VN).



---
^(Have a question or think this removal was an error?) **[^(Message the mods.)](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fanime)**  
^(Don't know the rules? Read them )**[^(here)](/r/anime/wiki/rules)**^."
The ones where I see my ex.
Thanks! It's been nice and at some positions we really need confidence in the next couple of years.
Nah this isn't true. A good Fizz can beat a good Ahri no problem. As an Ahri OTP  I actually hate this match up a lot
"I was watching with a few undecided voters, and they felt Hillary did badly. Bernie answered the questions he was asked, Hillary didn't."
"I'd argue people are over reactionary if you are legitimately worried over 2 playoff performances. Against 2 good defenses nonetheless.

349, 3TDs 2INTs vs GB. 92.4 rating.

I will take that any day cuz our Defense should be able to win with that much offense.

Edit: oh yeah, did I mention he had a dislocated finger?

"
"He's not a lockdown defender by any means, but he's a great system/team defender."
"Reps have different grades that correspond to quality/accuracy. UA or authorized authentic is the highest. Sometimes there are differences in quality with UA shoes though ( best yeezys from zztop or david) so just do your research. "
"Try knocking out that 4:30 bathroom ritual.  Set an alarm for 3:45 for a few nights and see if that helps you go back to sleep and cruise through the 4:30 piss break. (if you wake up at 3:45 for a few minutes, and go back to sleep, it will revamp your sleep cycle and your body will not want to get up at 4:30 because that will be right in the middle of your new sleep cycle)"
"Get it, The DIPA that just went on is outstanding. You wont be disappointed."
"I get why it wouldn't exist but if anyone can scour the interwebs better than I can and find a sad Spurs frog, that would be pretty dope "
"&gt;I don't pay much attention to the presidential election

Supplies wall of opinionated text regarding thoughts on presidential election"
"I have a question, who will pay for all of this if Bernie does become President? Who is going to pay for the college, healthcare, and 15 dollar minimum wage? Although the rich are getting taxed, will it cover every American and will this not end up taxing middle class Americans higher?"
"I really want to give jet a chance, but i see horror story after horror story. I got this card, after I was gonna get a sapphire. But people seem to dig this enough. I might still get a 4690k from jet, we will see. "
"Draft me a legal memorandum, bruh. Where are your citations"
"Yeah, I hated her answer and cringed from my couch. That doesn't make it a softball question just because you don't like the answer she decided to give.

"
Relevant: http://i.imgur.com/NyOase9.gifv
"I think so too, thanks!"
I don't think that's paint. I think that's the rubber on the button. And/or machining lubricant.
"better build quality i think, one of the big selling feature is the cold hammer forged barrels which are pretty highly regarded."
There's a reason bananas are relatively cheap.
"   We have been at war for 25 years....what has that accomplished?

   Ask Ryan how many of his children are going to participate in HIS war?   If none - then you know he is just blowing smoke."
"Holyshit I would have screamed. That kinda shit is not cool!! 

""So high spirited"" = ""I let her do whatever because i'm a shit parent teehee"""
"This is a different  kind of racism. It's a subtle, condescending type of racism that Democrats love to hide behind."
He doesn't officially.
"He had a fur coat with padding.  lol

That is very typical here."
"I have used Borderless Gaming and it works pretty well. I have not tried TS3, though.

http://store.steampowered.com/app/388080/"
"I called the Adidas store yesterday to see if they were releasing the gray ones. No gray but they were getting these so I was there first thing in the morning. No line either so a very easy cop. "
"Are they all this uncomfortably sexual? 

Asking for a friend."
"1. There is one button in top right of Lilygear Lake. You must beat Supergoon to press it.

2. Wait, it looks like you have pressed all the buttons except Lilygear Lake one... You should check if you really pressed them all!

3. To find yellow bird go to Choppy's Wood and go in one of those big trees. There is the yellow bird! Now stand in front of yellow bird and hold W. You should get to glitch world from here.

4. Check the gravestones by walking to them and holding W and you'll find the entrance to glitch world

5. One of the rocks in dancing guy area in Dusting Fields can take you to glitch world too!

6. And he didn't told you to kill gravestone and yellow bird. He told you to use them to get red chests."
"You can just trade through private messaging, easiest way is to send the .xml file of the account to the person's email :)"
"If you want to see it as a normal part of the conversation with many upvotes, browse any article about Hillary's attacks posted to /r/SandersForPresident."
And people thought the twists and turns were perhaps over..... Good Lord !
"I somewhat disagree, the spartan laser is quite good against the ""heavy"" vehicles that are relatively easy to hit with it, mostly wraiths and scorpions, and perhaps Mantis on the rare occasion that one is fielded. It does much more damage than a railgun and it's still pretty easy to hit these vehicles with it. Against smaller/faster vehicles (and in general, because of how garbage the laser is against infantry), I agree the railgun wins."
"He sounds fat. Prolly has puffy Cheeks. "
[deleted]
i can pm u with it =)
[deleted]
"Not trying to be funny. I'm dead serious. I don't want 99% of the cosmetics. No one else does either. They shouldn't be in REQs and are shit filler you can't sell. 

If they tried harder they would be cool but most look like garbage. 

I already have my Noble armor set. No plans on ever changing it. "
Confirmed
"Croatia is homogenous, differences are regional, not ethnic, and ethnicities live in homogenous settlements. Bosnia was a bit more mixed.

People were not forced into Yugoslavia. We lived in multiethnic Austria-Hungary, then in first, royal Yugoslavia, only then came communist Yugoslavia and unlike the previous ones, it was won and supported by (a part) of it's peoples, all of them, quite the opposite from what you're suggesting. 


There is nothing mystical about living in multiethnic area, people aren't stressed from having neighbors of different ethnicity, there is no struggle. 

Of course we're influenced by our neighbors, though not in the same way you are. You and US were British colonies with single dominant culture (plus French in Quebec and Luisiana, Spanish in south US and perhaps very little influence from natives) which are next to each other and developed both independently (as two countries) and togehter (as closest neighbours) for two centuries or so. We have a thousand years of living next to Germanic, Hungarian, Latin and other Slavic peoples, then Ottoman Turks plus various global influences like French, Spanish, English and American. And all influenced each other."
"Of course that helps a lot too, small room + good heating + toilet = best room to pass out drunk in."
as well as the wooden ramps and the wooden walls with tires in them like in raider and supermutant lairs which it looks like.
$loan 125 GBP
"Well, other than it being IPS that monitor is useless. I have the BenQ XL2730Z with freesync all the way to 144hz. A much better buy. No hacks needed."
"To be honest, only a few. A couple were from here, the others from out of town, but they fit the young demographic you mentioned. Is the news just making it up when they say Portland attracts the homeless? I find that hard to believe, but I also believe you're telling the truth. I can certainly see your point for those who became homeless here."
"There is a fixed order that connects some of the story of the DLCs, pretty sure its the order of release too.

Just look that up and play them in that order."
"When it comes to epics, the bonuses outweigh mana usage and class armor bonus."
Those were the days when Randy Moss was still playing. I never said about wishing my team was playing. Wow
Probably right.  I was by the box one day when they dropped off and they were on their cell having a full on convo instead of focusing on their job.  And the convo sounded ghetto as fuck.  Part of it was about how their computer was all fucked up and sending them to the wrong locations or something.
"Why not both?

"
He just wants a snow globe.
Link?
"Damn, all these comments against introverts. Even my ex left me saying he wanted someone more extroverted. This is why I hate being an introvert :( "
"I do think you should research Bernie a little bit more. He isn't about spending more money persay, it's about putting more money in the middle class's pocket. So while he does want to raise taxes 2.2% on health care which means a family making 50k a year would pay 466$ more in taxes, almost 6k would be saved because private insurance payments wouldn't be taken out of their paychecks anymore and they wouldn't need to pay deductibles anymore. 

I need to research rand a little bit more. I didn't know that's what he was advocating. I'm a big believer in if I'm not hurting others with my actions, then leave me alone and don't take away my freedoms

"
Now it's on Twitter and r/pics too.  Am I Reddit famous?
The dude abides
"I guarantee you the majority of foreigners in Japan are labor workers from SE Asia / China, with some Africans/South Americans mixed in"
Surprised he wasn't blocked in
"People always say that anyway. 

Racists gonna racist."
"Snow has much more surface area and cools the smoke much more "
[deleted]
"Yeah I kinda agree.. Software is one area where lg drops the ball.. I wish they did a stock rom project like Sony.. "
"well, depending on the hot water heater, 10 years could be the life expectancy. you could also be right about the handle/diverter set up. something as simple as a shoddy washer could do this. i think this is a hard thing to figure out though. if you have an access panel behind the shower, you could experiment by just running the shower and touching the pipes to see if your hot water stays constant. you can try the same thing with your hot water heater. just an idea, and admittedly not one of my best. 

also, does this always happen in your shower, or only when someone uses a toilet or runs a sink elsewhere in the house?"
I get that this is a joke but id like to see them done in a less annoying way.
[deleted]
I'm going to grape you in the mouth and there's nothing you can do about it.
"When I saw the title, I thought that it was r/Gaming for a second"
"I wouldn't hold out too much hope, considering the interactions with Magni are the same as they are with Garrosh, and you get Misha and Huffer out of Animal Companion even when you're not Rexxar..."
"Pretty spot on, but with the amount of cap space that should be available and the fact Slay should be a priority I would be pretty confident he would sign with Detroit even in free agency. His price will probably just be
higher than a contract extension. "
Your moans are irresistible
"Everybody'd watch that. "
"I haven't seen one AZ/CAR hype video. Where have they been? "
"Those people are wrong, of course. Notice it's usually women who say that? And they usually say they just fell into a relationship, without realizing that the man was engineering everything about the first few dates."
"ok so the phrase ""it's where i thought it would be"" could be substituted by him taking out a map and a description of how he verifies the location where he is in with the map and they are identical, that sort of thing? 

show, not tell?"
[deleted]
"Your world and his world aren't the same. Phantoms live in different dimensions basically, they can be from the past/future or an entirely different plane altogether.

So basically you giving Quelaags sister humanity in your world doesn't help Kirk in his."
I drank two litres of coffee every day when writing my exams last week. I think that answers that question :P
"I don't find it controversial, I asked a question meant at simplifying the issue because I find it morosely inane."
Then why are you complaining about a warm drink bring less enjoyable?
You sound like you need a power-cleanse-enema
That'll hurt the developers if shit keeps happens in the Future.
[deleted]
"There's some weird misconception about gay people wanting to have sex with everything that seems to float around some circles. I think it stems from the idea that because they can't produce children they must not want families, and thus romantic relationships. Maybe also from the idea that homosexuality is seen as a sort of sexual deviancy, so they must be sexually deviant in all ways? I'm not entirely sure, but it seems ridiculous. Gay people are people just like everyone else, some want monogamous relationships, some want to play the field. "
UNLEASH THE HAI
"No, why would you think I was a racist for supporting Trump?"
I've had no issues with multiple routers and my xbox.  It should pull from dhcp just fine. Have you considered setting your xbox to static and putting it in the dmz?
"Not to take away from your main point, but Gervin stopped playing professional basketball in 1990.  The Hall doesn't allow a player to be voted on until the fifth year after their retirement.  He was enshrined in 1996.  I don't know if it is accurate to say that he was fifth ballot.

"
"He was a lock for the Hall after his 04 olympics. He is the guy who singlehandedly made American basketball get a bronze medal. But of course, piled onto that he's the only player with Bill Bradley to have a Euroleague title, NBA title and olympics gold medal. "
"""How long were you gone?"""
[deleted]
"UK/GBP prices are the same as before. 

Edit: iOS."
"Sorry, I just arrived at home. I'm uploading it now, give me couple minutes."
I would support this if they were not allowed to use them within Canada's boarders. Frankly I do not think we are facing the kind of threat at home that you would find in a war zone that justifies the breach in privacy. If Russia invades I might change my mind but until then...
out of curiosity would you post the response? I'm very curious about that myself. Thank you.
gtg left leg pistols
Just because Five Guys opened in the UK doesn't mean you can talk hot shit about your burger time.
"**The Drow +OD**

I actually don't have a lot of experience playing this first hand. I don't have a Drow player. I can Drow, but it's unappealing without cover. 

Drow can do other things than 5 man towers with ranged heroes and units. But hero Synergy specifically with OD isn't good. OD can refill Drow's mana, but Drow doesn't have mana issues. One arcane boot is enough to refill her for a fight. A lot of Drow's don't even level frost arrows in favor of stats. 

The OD can be looked at as a carry that needs a lot of farm to start doing reliable damage and survive in fights. But Drow alleviates the lack of damage from OD's mana somewhat. 

The thing you want with OD is maybe heroes that can take advantage of low cool downs to keep Drow alive. Undying can spam decay and soul rip to heal Drow constantly. Even a Keeper of the Light can be good to take advantage of lowering cool downs on another hero so you can spam heals and save abilities like Astral on Drow(anyone confirm that Drow aura works when Drow is disrupted?)

Stuns are good too. A spammable sand king or Leshrac, core or support, can combo well with OD. 

**Basically, to make it seem easier...**

Ignore Drow's ranged aura boost sometimes. She actually shreds towers alone. Let your 4 other heroes keep Drow alive from any initiation. 

Astral is great defensively, but if they have silencer or shards and fissure blocking OD away from Drow, it will mean Drow can be focused.

So if the enemy has poor or one dimensional single target initiation, counter it, add spammable heals and damage on top of it, then add a Drow. Visage is good with Drow because birds are essentially another core hero with ranged aura. But with OD, you can spam soul assumption. 

**Just remember, the stronger the 4 non-Drow heroes are at keeping heroes alive, the more risk you run of leaving Drow without support in the 0-5 minute early game**

If you want a sand King for example, if he's support, he might jungle too much as blink dagger before 10 minutes might leave Drow with one support. 

But if you want say a support Abbadon to cover OD, an orchid timing can stop abba from letting OD keep Drow alive with astral. 

Moving Abbadon up to a core or even in a dual Offlane leaves Drow vulnerable or at the very least, unable to free farm. 

**I've mulled over a few OD drafts** there are a lot of them. Not a lot of them have Drow. But it's really fun to theory craft. 

On Mobile and forgetting your hero picks from the 3 games and pools...

From 1-5. Drow-OD-Bat-Undying-Jakiro

I'm actually gonna run off a list of combos to pick out from this.

*Bane-Shadow Demon** 
Tons of stuff to disrupt Drow, tons of ways to land arrows and other stuns.

*Lina-Mirana-Leshrac*
Even if you don't get the other two set up supports, Mirana OD is dirty stuff.

*Dazzle+Dark Seer*
If you level poison touch, you'll get tons of ways to proc essence aura. Vacuum Wall with heal bomb. Dark seer surge procs mana and dark seer has mana issues now. 

*Lifestealer*
Using Lifestealer as an ancient aura is super good and safe farm, even for a 3-4 position in the Offlane. 

*undying-abbadon* 
Heals, decent push. Undying deny pick is good as undying wrecks push strats. 

*batrider*
Good stuns and slows. Comes online early. Napalm is strong. With health and mana pumped into him he's strong.

*Io*
Not a good spammer, but synergizes well with heals. Gives OD attack speed and kiting issues a pillow. 

*venge-chen*
Really standard, a little overused. Chen creeps push well with auras and buffs. Venge helps creeps hit hard. And swap and send back are good at saving Drow. Both are really good at taking Roshan."
[deleted]
"He's not wrong that 47% of the USA ""are dependent upon government, who believe that they are victims, who believe the government has a responsibility to care for them, who believe that they are entitled to health care, to food, to housing, etc.""?"
"Damn, looks like toby now with a kid body."
"&gt;Oda is cooking up something truly special this year,

Nice ;)

"
"I love seeing these stories. In fact, I actively seek them out on this sub and prioritize reading them over theory posts. They help keep me grounded and remind me that I can never fully trust a woman again."
"Once you start with the noob gains bodyfat usually melts off. 

Thats the first new muscle development in action with an increase in testosterone production (which is anti fat and pro muscle), and it requires calories just to exist. Get stronger, muscle size will be a reward and you will notice a lower % in BF as your muscle mass increases in the beginning stages.

After a while, you must either choose to put on weight or take it off. Bulking and cutting as its commonly referred to."
**(∩｡･ｏ･｡)っ.ﾟ☆｡’` Soar and be Free!**
Submit this to: /r/NOWTTYG/
"There's a thread on here somewhere from a while back that seemed to indicate something similar - I think it's maybe a site to avoid. 


Found it: https://www.reddit.com/r/Instagram/comments/2289hq/this_might_be_old_news_but_do_not_use_gramblr/?ref=search_posts"
I actually picked up a set of five rims and tires for $330 heheh
"Wow, I didn't even notice that. What the hell."
hehe
"I have a 12 Euro mouse which is working just fine, except that the middle mouse button likes to activate up to 5 times when i press it."
Those are 1 day (a weekend at most) affairs. This is 3 friggin weeks. Try having your block sealed off for 3 weeks.
"http://www.mlive.com/lions/index.ssf/2015/10/golden_tate_admits_to_not_givi.html

http://mweb.cbssports.com/nfl/eye-on-football/25336142/golden-tate-lions-fans-turned-their-back-on-us-during-loss-to-cardinals

Sorry, but if he's not trying hard and gets booed, that's not because the fanbase abandoned him. "
Yeah.
There's also one in Llandudno on Gloddaeth Street
"Excuse me if you arent going to jerk me off please leave the circle.

Jk"
I got mine in about 7 days if i remember correctly
"I imagine Lemon was like ""Hey they have Braum...HURRRRR GO EZREAL MID trolololol""

*sigh*...idiot"
"Just a heads up, you must be level 28 for the X-01 to spawn there.(sorry didnt listen to the commentary, so not sure if you clarified that or not)

It also may not even look like X-01 at first, but it will change to the X-01 once you get inside it. happened to me both times ive gotten it there."
"Oh, it's coming down now, full force."
"I agree with this. I've always had a bit of a thing for older guys, and I try my best to make sure they're dating me for me and not my age. Yet when I was younger I wasn't so wise, and often ended up with socially stunted menchildren who couldn't handle a real relationship with a woman their own age, so targeted younger girls so they could ideally have a cute compliant girlfriend. I ended up dumping quite a few guys when I realized that I was more mature than them, even though I was significantly younger."
"I checked out a frame by frame, and it didn't really seem to scamper so much as just crouch down/bend over."
Looks yummy. What's under the foil? Bread?
"Hi there /u/o0bruno0o, unfortunately I have to remove your request. Darkrai is one of those pokemon that's only available via event distribution means (i.e. Wi-Fi gift, In-Life, Tickets/Cards, etc..) so that makes the genning requirements for it a bit different. 

Would you mind resubmitting your request using the event format found [**here**](https://www.reddit.com/r/PokemonForAll/wiki/pokemonforall/eventformat)? (｡･ω･)ﾉﾞ"
Wonderful! Thanks so much for sharing!
"All the comments complaining about C9 but Seraph's engages,especially on the last teamfight were amazing.TIP also made some good rotations throughout the game,I wonder if Seraph shotcalls for them."
"Yeah... This frustrates me. The other day this guy I work with was saying how they shouldn't be doing a lottery they should be giving the money to charity or something and I told him that they don't just have a pool of money they just give away it is created by people who buy into the lottery. And he says to me ""Yeah, I don't know about that!"""
"Ah. I'm in Duncan. "
16 (111+)
"I ran into a guy on a Harvest server who had *almost* the same cosmetics as me. Lumbricus Lid and Hornblower. I had an FDU on, and he had a Lieutenant Bites."
"Kara Fade - 90/10 - 0.009

Screens: http://imgur.com/a/HjYce"
[deleted]
"&gt; You should really read

... my post, before you look like a frothing, illiterate buffoon."
"Bullshit. A 7 week old baby is half an inch long and has a tail. Pro-life bullshit. "
"I should make a TIL about how many NBA, NFL, and MLB owners aren't white. Hint: It's a number less than two. "
If ya can't walk...ya crawl. And if ya can't crawl...
"&gt; We have a word for girl who naturally behaves herself. That word is ""unicorn"". 

Not so. ""Behaves herself"" is an opinion and not all people share the same beliefs about what ""behaving herself"" means.

"
"Bring that snowstorm fun over to /r/UnderboobGW, wont you?"
"You're a hero "
"Well, 46 people seem to be in on the joke, whatever it is."
"Tatonka. "
"Yup!! The guy at the store said they should get the gray ones in store mid February though so I'll be on the lookout. They run huge too!! I had to get a 9 where I normally wear 10. "
This annoys you the *most*.  o.O
"Is there a reason of why they got better, or is the explanation just that it's a different chapter of the BoS?"
"I was introduced to Riven by one of my friends actually. She looked like a really awesome character so I decided to try her out and immediately fell in love with her character. Of course it took a little while to get good with her, but I still absolutely love Riven. Her playstyle, her VO, her design, all of it is just amazing to me. 

This was mid-season 4 and I haven't looked back since."
"C L O W N F I E S T A, B O Y S"
noooo its great....if you already have choc milk
[deleted]
Roach has a Mickey from Rocky vibe to him.
[deleted]
"i like street fighter and stuff like that. "
"Would Trump personally? No. But he'd place conservative justices on the court, who certainly would. And that skews the court majority conservative for the foreseeable future. Which is enormously bad. I'll take Hillary for that reason alone over anyone in the GOP. I'm not a big Hillary fan. But this is too serious to fuck around with. "
"&gt; Bombing of Assyrian restaurants leaving 13 dead

Do you have any proof for these accusations?

&gt;  assassination of Assyrian leaders

The only known case is DAWUD JENDO and perpetrators were sentenced to 20 years in jail.

https://twitter.com/syriacmfs/status/624928282304229376

&gt; They want to drive out the Assyrians from Qamishli, a city built by Assyrians fleeing the genocide, and take their lands.

They could have done it already if they wanted to, YPG is much more powerful than Sootoro.

YPG is allied with Assyrian militia Sutoro in their fight against IS. So stop speading your propaganda for ethnic division and hatred.

"
I liked this..
"Really? Then you can define a race? ""Look at them! Can't you see the difference?"" isn't a definition, because even full biological brothers look different to each other in some way."
"I get ridiculously jealous. I've noticed the longer the relationship lasts, the more it takes to make me jealous. Once I've hit that point though I become such a nasty monster.

I feel like the hulk is based on my personality. He's always a little angry but tries so hard not to cross over into being the monster.
Am I bad person for slipping up, or a good person for trying?"
"Because they talk about how much they love their fans, but gee-willigers aww shucks we might have to move to LA if you guys don't pay for a stadium we will make all the profits from. It's a racket, but the general populace falls for it. 

In Minnesota there was a vey smal window in which it seemed like people weren't going to stand for it, at least without getting SOMETHING for the state like naming rights or part of parking. In the end the Vikings ran some BS save our team campaign, which is ridiculous because they are the ones who make the decision to move and we ""saved"" the Vikings, paid for the most one of the most expensive stadiums ever(Ziggy wouldn't settle for 2nd rate like Detroit or New England). Thank goodness, we now get to continue the Minnesota sports tradition of watching our teams choke in the playoffs. "
Yes
"So glad we beat Clemson. When we beat LSU it was a ""bullshit rematch"" and when we beat ND it was ""ND was overrated anyways."" Clemson was the team of destiny, the team with hands down the best qb and we just handed it to them"
"Can we be sure a crime was committed by the person though?  The cops have demonstrated that they are willing to lie, cheat, and steal, so what's to say that the case against their victim wasn't completely manufactured?  Perhaps they made it up *because* they wanted this man's money, jewelry and items.  Sure, it sounds ludicrous but there is video and other evidence that that they did all that other stuff so it's not that big a leap to believe they made up the case in order to accomplish it.

I'm not saying that's the case, but it's what the prosecutor is going to have to overcome if the evidence of their malfeasance is allowed in.  That's why they're trying to get it excluded.  If they wanted they guy to be convicted of the crime they accuse him of, they should have done it by the book.  As it is, it looks like they robbed him under color of law."
"Why is everybody asking for the difficult part of the character to be removed ? There are so many posts on this subject, and less than 24 hours after release... 

It's like asking ""Please don't decloak Nova, she is super weak and it is very dangerous when she is not cloaked"", or ""Could you make Morales able to direct the beam on herself ? She has no self heal and her trait is slow to kick-in"" ~~or ""Please make Lunara's whisp better, it is useless as it is""~~

It seems pretty obvious that it is intentional design. Blizzard is telling us that this hero is ranged, but have the option to go melee to finish off a target (they said that in every video IIRC).

&gt; When roaming, this gives us an engage, but complicates our escape

That's exactly it, and it seems a fair deal. Reward, risk, trade-off, decision making, bla bla bla.

And for the ""wolf should run"" part, it's just the logical decision to make. If the wolf were allowed to run, he would have to switch to human form as soon as he dismounts to keep the hero design as it is. This is just counter intuitive (you'll see a running wolf on your screen but you would actually have the human form kit -&gt; bad UI design)"
Waterloo Sunset...KINKS
Just calculated it and my direwolf is gonna have 6k health and 1k melee at max level 134.
"That would be the Galaxy S5. "
"Not sure if you're still doing this, but thought I'd try my luck anyway! I'm pretty stuck with mine...Thanks for looking if you're still here!

Dear Agent,

Sheriff Gil Oldborne is dead, and Deputy Eddwan Underwood is obsessed with discovering why.

For two decades Eddwan and Gil lived together in the Walking, a civilisation of horse-drawn carriages navigating through a barren desert world, forever at the heels of the colossal moving city called Egress--a masterfully engineered ark designed to preserve life and cultivate new lands for settlement. 

As is expected when a Sheriff dies, Eddwan delivers Gil's alleged murderer to Egress. With nothing but circumstantial evidence, and the suspect denying his guilt, Eddwan insists that Lord Timberly, one of the two rulers of Egress, allow him time to investigate further. Timberly grants Eddwan four days before the case goes to trial.

After only twenty-four hours, Eddwan finds his suspect has been hanged on Timberly’s death warrant.

Now with two corpses, and a new suspect in Timberly, Eddwan is even more committed to uncovering the truth behind his friend’s murder. He learns that whoever killed Gil did so to hide a terrible secret: Egress is edging ever closer towards a toxic ocean that will annihilate the Walking. Yet no one in Egress seems interested in changing course. 

SAND &amp; RUST is a science fiction western novel, complete at 108,000 words.

Thank you for your time, and consideration.

Sincerely,

[Name]
"
Nice. They packed it the exact same way. Lovely.
"""Stop using gerrymandering in order to secure votes for yourself.""-a guy who cant be reelected

Edit:I'm full aware that he could go back to being a senator"
"My thoughts and prayers are with you.  "
You might be onto something. There is a minefield separating Cuba from the Naval base. They could do the same with the prison.
"Com base em que tu diz isso, amigão? Onde trabalho muita gente é formada em particular, o que não quer dizer absolutamente nada sobre a competência da pessoa. Em contrapartida faço uma pós-graduação onde a maoria das pessoas é formada na UFRGS. Da vontade de CHORAR com o nível de alguns lá. Assim, formar em uma federal ou particilar não diz absolutamente nada sobre o conhecimento e capacidade da pessoa. Eu vejo muita gente aqui falando sobre vestibular e dá pra ver que a maioria dos leitores do sub tem em torno de 17 a 20 anos, pessoal que está entrando na faculdade agora: Minha dica é: estando em federal ou particular, ESTUDEM. Ponto. O diploma da federal não vai valer nada se tu não aprender nada lá dentro.

EDIT: ortografia"
"Really love MrBtongue, he posts really interesting content."
soooo...who's setting up the stream for us colonials?
got 2 gilds before white knight mods removed it
[removed]
"That's the heart of the problem, the way Hawking radiation is defined, it wouldn't be possible, it would be truly lost.

But that is one avenue of research attempting to resolve the problem, seeing if there is some way theory could modified so it would emerge from Hawking radiation.  I've heard some theory talk about how the information is there, but scrambled and inaccessible.  To my mind, that the same as information being lost, so it strike me as a cop out, but this is at the limits of my understanding, so who knows."
"&gt; He said he didn’t have any money to buy food because a former caretaker stole his debit card last weekend.



Yeah fuck that bitch."
"&gt; then revealed you were a deluded israel apologist

Please, quote me on this, quote where I've said it? Or is this another great example of you interpreting everything to suit your means.

Edit: Actually further from that, show me exactly where I've defended Israel, show me, quote me. The nearest I've gotten is saying that things are a bit more complicated than Israel is all to blame, something which if you were being even slightly objective you would've noticed, but that doesn't suit your narrative, there's always two hands at play, just because one is more guilty than the other doesn't mean it should be absolved."
From /r/childrenfallingover
HE JUST AIMS AND WHAT HAPPENS NEXT IS AMAZING!
"Being a Mooseheads fan and all makes me happy to see that they're still in contact with one another.

I'm sure Nate would love to have him on the Avalanche."
The whole run was quite a challenge but Orchador wasn't really that hard. I also expected more centurions. They give decent loot ....
"I bought a huge bag of them one night at work. I finished the bag in 20 min and my co-worker was like ""holy fuck, you finished it ALL???"""
"It's a copypasta from /r/grilledcheese which has a problem with posting melts instead of actual grilled cheese sandwiches.

https://www.reddit.com/r/grilledcheese/comments/2or1p3/you_people_make_me_sick/"
"Yeah, 4.6 Stars is indeed a very bad rating.."
My whole guild has this issue
"Argentina, the only time I remember Nintendo having some sort of influence in here was in the mid 2000s were you could easily get bootlegged NES and Sega Genesis consoles, other than that it's been purely Playstation-focused, I have seen like 2 or 3 people selling Nintendo stuff, and even then it wasn't that much, but even then gaming in general's still not really as much of a thing in here, and everything that is over PS2 era requires a big investment since most of the stuff is imported and so it's extremely expensive, heck for the longest time I had abandoned the idea of getting a 3DS or playing the new Pokemon games, I had to invest for like 3 years IIRC and get really lucky with a guy I met, "
http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/gay
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!!!!!!!
"With Do Not Disturb you will still receive texts, go to Settings &gt; Do Not Disturb to set it so you get calls as well. No vibration!"
"Looks good, thanks. "
"Yeah, removing the safeguards already in place to prevent residents from overworking isn't wise, but I get why they're doing it.  I'm going to stop running around saying it ""causes"" deaths, because, even though I have seen it first hand, I can't find you a single study that proves sleepy resident = death.  

I think their (and by they I guess I'm referring to the NHS as well as the teaching hospitals that arrange residencies in the US) worry, principally, is supervision.  So you've got 8 residents, your chief res, and your attending all on for 24 hours.  By the end of it your 8 are going to be all but useless, your chief is going to be absolutely exhausted and your attending could possibly go another 12 depending on how busy the prior shift was.  But the residents come back in 8 hours, the chief comes back in 8, the attending doesn't come back for a *day or more*.  So the supervisory aspect of the whole operation is rested.  The residents just aren't.  

"
"At the very least, we already know for a fact Laurence does, since his skull is in the waking world, but the version we fight in the Nightmare has a head."
"[Here](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/members/bernard_sanders/400357)

[You](https://berniesanders.com/about/)

[Go](https://m.dailykos.com/story/2015/10/6/1428616/-Bernie-Sanders-What-the-Hell-Have-You-Done-for-Us-Lately)

Google is your friend. Honestly, what have any of these politicians done prior to running. If we are going purely by resume Hillary crushes
"
"Of course, they wouldn't be in business long if they were selling them for $28USD.

Even with the conversion it'll still be cheaper by a bunch $56CAD shipped. Our prices are inflated to the max. (lowest I could find was $80CAD and then you're hit with $10-15 shipping on top of that)"
Tank 7. Boulevard has some fantastic brews. Highly recommend the Sixth Glass: http://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/423/39621/
[removed]
thank you for posting!
"I know that feel bro. Just gotta hope that your team comes back, then doesn't suck continuously for 20 years"
"Whats her name pls "
"Psst, bro. This sub is not for people like you, it's where people post your comment history and mock it. Don't ruin the thrill of the hunt. "
"Great video, he builds awesome modern classic style rifles too. Gotta give lots of respect for a guy with that much talent."
"Zetalot - Love the music, he is a bit too salty and it does get to me after a while, but I love priest which makes it great and the fact that he ONLY plays priest doesnt bother me since his decks are never the same.

Day9 - Holy fuck, no salt, nothing but the funniest of plays and fun decks. A laugh that is known to cure cancer. Downside is that he isnt online as often.

Honourable mentions to Savyz (always chill), Eloise (memes but more controlled than forsen) and MrYagut (very very strong oil rogue player, often plays weird decks to legend for lelz) "
Turning 30
"l'avvento delle auto che si guidano da sole (imminente a sentire gli esperti) ridimensionera' sensibilmente una bella fetta di lavori legati al mondo dell'auto: meccanici, tassisti, autisti, assicuratori, camionisti, vigili urbani, mille altri (considerando quanto l'auto e' invasiva nella nostra vita).

In generale tutto il settore manifatturiero.. gia' le macchine hanno ridotto drasticamente il numero di operai, in futuro anche quei compiti che fin'ora richiedevano l'intervento umano saranno automatizzati (grazie a macchine piu' intelligenti, visione artificiale, pick and place, etc).

Il vero grande problema IMHO e' che questa automazione non si adatta bene al modello capitalistico. Nel senso: in una societa' ideale, se il costo di produrre le cose scende del 90%, i prezzi dei prodotti dovrebbero scendere altrettanto e la gente dovrebbe lavorare sempre meno per poter mantenere lo stesso stile di vita, fino al punto in cui, in futuro, produrre le cose diventa praticamente a costo zero, i prodotti diventano gratuiti e raggiungiamo il cosiddetto [post-scarcity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Post-scarcity_economy) (vedi racconto Manna o il ciclo sci-fi della Cultura).  
Invece col modello capitalista, tutti i margini di guadagno extra vanno ai dirigenti (e in minima parte verso un abbassamento dei prezzi) e in buona sostanza gli operai ""rimpiazzati dalle macchine"", invece di starsene a casa a godersi la produzione automatizzata, si trovano a dover cercare un altro lavoro. Lavoro che naturalmente e' destinato a diventare sempre piu' scarso e introvabile, e quindi sottopagato. E questo naturalmente porta (ha gia' portato da un pezzo) a un [divario sempre piu' marcato tra i ""poveri"" e i ""ricchi""](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economic_inequality).

Una cosa e' certa: gli ingegneri saranno gli ultimi a perdere il lavoro."
"Right, but I don't see how anything is ironic."
"The Martian. Perhaps I was expecting too much from all the hype, but it was just ""okay"" to me.


YA seems to fall into this category too, especially in trilogies. The first book will be entertaining, the second will be comparatively worse, and the third will suck. Divergent comes to mind."
"I got Iverson ahead of Drexler. 

Edit:  I don't mind the DVs, but please also add why you think Drexler was better."
yeah i'm making a sex playlist and i don't think this will get her in the mood
Can you talk to my wife about this
"Best of luck! Bring a friend and a camera along so we can share the fun :) "
"Nej, lig telefonen hen til højttaleren og spil noget rammstein, de elsker rammstein. "
+1
What type of game is this?
Kill the body and hook to the head
"717,940
"
"Rats/mice are hands down the WORST pet.

I mean, theyre actually great pets, but the fact that they only live a few years is heartbreaking. I could not stand to form such a bond with a creature for it just to die off in a year or two. "
"LOL! I'm going to use this in a ""What not to post"" "
"You're right though. The guy above explains the usual approach, but BoC has actually lowered it's interest rates. "
"I was worried about this too. I've been looking around and the community seems to be split, and I'm not sure how I feel about splashing out on 50/50 odds."
"I can tell i've had great success using 1 medium beam and three multicannons. Also used 1 medium beam and small beam and 2 multicannons on the others to great effect. Using it like these is great for the cobras power management, the energy weapons don't drain too fast with like 1 pip to them, so you can have more in the engines or sys. With 1 medium beam its really great as it rips through shields and the multis go to work really well to. I'm using 2 medium pulses on my viper and I use them to kill condas!! And to answer you're question, yes, since the small hardpoint uses class 1's which do less damage than class 2's :) "
"One of my favorite games of all-time. In fact, I might have to dust off the ol' PS2 and play it this afternoon."
[deleted]
"A mí me revienta que usen lo contrario como contra-argumento, apelando al uso del argumento ad hominem, siendo que en este caso no aplica.

La dictadura se caracterizó, entre otras cosas, por achicar el estado. Estaba prácticamente **para eso**, porque era su objetivo. Además de eso, estaban sus métodos: secuestros, tortura, desaparición, etc.

No es como comparar ""¿a Hitler le gustaba la chocolatada? Si te gusta la chocolatada sos literally Hitler"". Es intelectualmente deshonesto. Así como Hitler tenía entre otros objetivos el eliminar la raza judía, la dictadura militar tenía entre sus objetivos el establecer un sistema económico neoliberal. No creo que si uno dice ""quisiera eliminar a todos los judíos de Argentina"" y alguien lo compara con Hitler, le digas ""¡ad hominem! Lolz literally Hitler, amirite guys? Estoy podrido de que usen a Hitler como argumento""."
[deleted]
about 20 years ago i used a 'display' at the university of washington that drew on your retinas with lasers. It's hard to describe how fucking crazy it was.
You do understand there are only four colors on the whole card?
"If you're able to, you should try the CBT with a specialist, it would likely be more effective than doing it completely on your own. However, being 100% dependent on a therapist is also wrong, considering the fact that CBT is a skill that they cannot use on you; they can only teach you how to use it. It's great you're seeking treatment, that's a very good thing

One thing you can do is to stop thinking about what people want, and to think about what *you* want. Build up your ego! If you want to give someone eye contact and smile, GREAT. If this gives you an awkward feeling, just accept that feeling and move on. Don't struggle with it or obsess about what you've done. If you're doing the CBT correctly, these things will come more naturally later on. "
"As far as i know you wont get banned for graphical mods. "
You could bag it out. There's a dude on here who's got a sick bagged Tiguan.
"your right. depends on the state you live in but about $1.15 a gallon to break even on fuel costs.

then you have the additional wear and tear of ICE "
Without roadborn it's just slightly more than the legendary high impact shotguns. But once you have roadborn active you're talking serious range. The other shotguns can't come close. But unlike those guns it requires precision.
[deleted]
"Tough to be in a team with no mediums there. But I've noticed the new meta for this map is for 1/3rd of the team to camp the ridges around the base anyways.

I promise, you will not achieve much camping C5/H7 while you wait for your 1-2 tank eastern flank to collapse."
"We had two in gr. 7. One of them (person A) brought out a plastic butter knife during lunch and chased the other (person B) around the classroom. At around lap 4, Person B suddenly grabs their lunch kit and pulls out a steak knife.

The chase reversed.

Cue a comical cartoon-like laughter from person A as they were being chased. At one point they tripped, and person B held the steak knife above their chest (presumably as a joke). With the absolute best (worst?) timing, a lunch monitor walked in to check on our class.

That resulted in a long conversation about safety. Got us out of a math test."
"That's state-owned, not the Feds"
I'm breathing so I think I have one.
"THE MOD IS EXERCISING HER POWER

THE MOD IS EXERCISING HER POWER

THE MOD IS EXERCISING HER POWER

[obligatory nazi chainsaw robot gif](http://i.imgur.com/robJ5FK.gif)"
ayy god is dead
"Hell, I am surprised they aren't also blaming Alberta's situation on Obama. Maybe they are, I don't use Facebook or converse with many Albertans."
"Ahh let's see

I'd place her in B-tier probably

She has a good neutral and relatively simple combos, but the just-frame uppercut may be hard for some newer players.

Also, the fact that her entire moveset doubles when she enters V-trigger would take some getting used to in order to maximize the potential. "
"Now all I can think is ""I wonder how sex works in DND...""
"
"Yeah, the fuzz factory is great. I don't have one, but I shared a studio a little while ago with a guy who did. You can do a lot of this stuff in the box as well. That soundcloud link above was done with Ableton's gate and Izotope's Trash 2."
At least I don't have to talk to the Uber driver then...
- Write up notes on lectures 4 &amp; 5 in Developmental Biology
Is the 20% applied ontop of the pre-order price guarantee?
If you are nice to people they generally are nice to you back.  Maybe you are trying too hard and coming off as creepy or insincere?
"http://i.imgur.com/09P5Fu4.jpg

He was in base form. Wut."
"717983

fyi, I'll be going for this k to make up for yesterday :P"
"we already have the nick dip show, its called the anthony cumia show"
"You don't think I told him to take it off? Or that it wasn't appropriate? 

Also, I give people advice on what to wear to court. If they don't accept that advice, not really much that I can do."
Freaking genius
"You raise a good point. 

I should have wrote, 'real man', in the title. 

Or Dad."
The first one really wasn't a block. The alternate angle is just a worse angle to look at than the original. In the original angle you can clearly see the shooter double clutch and throw a poor shot because Porzingis is in his way. His presence altered the shot selection but didn't block the shot.
lollll trueeeee
"Menu open, covering the screen. Trade happens, he clicks concede without realizing it did."
Here ya go https://www.reddit.com/r/cigars/comments/3cqwsk/short_smokes_quality_small/
"Axe vs armada at eclipse (i think) has to be number 1 almost upset, armada clutched it 3-2 but it was soooo close and tense"
"Indeed! Just a few days ago I mentioned it was hot where I am because it's summer, and an American redditor asked where in the world it was summer at the moment.

Um.... The ""not Northern Hemisphere"" half of the world :P"
"Tailoring aside, women's coat button opposite way from men's."
"My rule of thumb is in this order:

1. Use HVA if increase is above 10% (according to the list)

2. Use SPA if available (As it is always a 5% decrease in velocity)

3. Use no ammo attachment"
[deleted]
"If they gave AJ the password for their Instagram account, which I'm pretty sure is the only way you can get someone else to post for you on Instagram, then he could have easily changed the password. They may be locked out."
There are so many things wrong with this statement.
"not sure why the /s tag, because it's true."
You must be really bad at the game if you're starting to blame skins for you losing.
"
# *DOWNLOAD MOVIE ""Captain Phillips 2013""  1080p now without signing BluRay tablet Dub imdb for mobile*

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description movie **Captain Phillips 2013**:

&gt;  The true story of Captain Richard Phillips and the 2009 hijacking by Somali pirates of the US-flagged MV Maersk Alabama, the first American cargo ship to be hijacked in two hundred years.

&gt; .


***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Captain Phillips 2013***](https://shtrs.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Captain%20Phillips%202013)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Captain Phillips 2013***](https://shtrs.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Captain%20Phillips%202013)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Captain Phillips 2013***](https://shtrs.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Captain%20Phillips%202013)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Captain Phillips 2013***](https://shtrs.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Captain%20Phillips%202013)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Captain Phillips 2013***](https://shtrs.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Captain%20Phillips%202013)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Captain Phillips 2013***](https://shtrs.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Captain%20Phillips%202013)
***

&gt; . 

&gt; .captain 
phillips 
(2013) 
torrent 
download
captain 
phillips 
2013 
sinhala 
subtitles
The 
true 
tale 
of 
Richard 
Phillips 
the 
captain 
of 
a 
cargo 
ship 
taken 
hostage 
by 
Somali 
pirates 
in 
2009 
is 
so 
thrilling 
that 
screenwriters 
hardly 
needed 
to
Tom 
Hanks 
Captain 
Phillips 
and 
the 
“True 
Story” 
of
The 
Captain 
Phillips 
true 
story 
vs. 
movie. 
Explore 
the 
controversy 
meet 
the 
real 
Captain 
Richard 
Phillips 
wife 
Anrea 
Phillips 
and 
Abduwali 
Abdukhadir 
Muse.
The 
Planet 
is 
ours 
- 
where 
are 
we 
going!? 
With 
the 
global 
population 
soaring 
towards 
9 
billion 
people 
by 
2050 
current 
levels 
of 
meat 
and 
dairy 
consumption 
are 
not
captain 
phillips 
(2013) 
1080p 
br 
rip 
x264 
- 
yify 
subs
I’d 
second 
that 
question. 
Did 
you 
see 
the 
film 
“Captain 
Philips” 
before 
writing 
this 
Zach? 
While 
I 
agree 
with 
the 
general 
point 
of 
what 
you 
write 
its 
very
captain 
phillips 
(2013) 
1080p
captain 
phillips 
2013 
film
Captain 
Phillips 
(2013) 
| 
OnLine 
Filmer
Captain 
Phillips 
on 
DVD 
January 
21 
2014 
starring 
Tom 
Hanks 
Catherine 
Keener 
Max 
Martini 
Chris 
Mulkey. 
Follows 
the 
true 
story 
of 
Captain 
Richard 
Phillips 
(Tom
captain 
phillips 
(2013)
""Captain 
Phillips"" 
star 
Tom 
Hanks 
with 
Capt. 
Richard 
Phillips. 
Photo: 
AP 
Photo/StarPix 
Dave 
Allocca
captain 
phillips 
2013 
subtitles 
english
captain 
phillips 
2013 
srt
captain 
phillips 
(2013) 
720p 
br 
rip 
x264 
- 
yify 
english 
subs
captain 
phillips 
2013 
trailer 
dailymotion
captain 
phillips 
2013 
movie
captain 
phillips 
2013 
torrent
Captain 
Phillips 
(2013) 
- 
Movies 
Based 
on 
True 
Stories
Subscene 
- 
Captain 
Phillips 
Arabic 
subtitle
captain 
phillips 
2013 
مترجم
captain 
phillips 
(2013) 
online
captain 
phillips 
(2013) 
subtitles
captain 
phillips 
2013
Captain 
Phillips 
(2013) 
Movie 
- 
Movie 
Insider: 
Taking 
You
captain 
phillips 
(2013) 
1080p 
br 
rip 
x264 
- 
yify
captain 
phillips 
2013 
english 
subtitles 
yify
captain 
phillips 
2013 
movie 
online
captain 
phillips 
(2013) 
imdb
captain 
phillips 
2013 
dvdrip 
x264-sparks
captain 
phillips 
2013 
yify 
subtitles
captain 
phillips 
2013 
english 
subtitles
Το 
2009 
το 
φορτηγό 
πλοίο 
MV 
Maersk 
Alabama 
έπλεε 
στον 
Ινδικό 
Ωκεανό 
όταν 
το 
προσέγγισαν 
δύο 
ταχύπλοα
The 
True 
Story 
of 
'Captain 
Phillips' 
- 
Richard 
Phillips 
vs
captain 
phillips 
(2013) 
movie 
poster
captain 
phillips 
2013 
trailer
captain 
phillips 
(2013) 
dvdrip 
xvid-maxspeed
Crew 
members: 
‘Captain 
Phillips’ 
is 
one 
big 
lie 
| 
New
captain 
phillips 
2013 
dvd 
release 
dart
captain 
phillips 
2013 
english 
subtitle 
subscene
captain 
phillips 
(2013) 
movie

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .[WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Elysium.. 2013"".. .. HD.. no.. registration.. megashare.. srt.. now.. watch.. HDRip](https://www.reddit.com/40siju),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""RoboCop.. 2014"".. .. direct.. link.. streaming.. ac3.. VHSRip.. PC.. viooz.. dubbed.. mac](https://www.reddit.com/40shmq),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Vow.. 2012"".. .. subtitles.. torrent.. DVDRip.. sumotorrent.. BDRemux.. dubbed](https://www.reddit.com/40sigz),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Ice.. Age:.. Continental.. Drift.. 2012"".. .. how.. download.. dubbed.. dailymotion.. for.. mobile.. tablet.. BrRip.. BDRemux.. viooz](https://www.reddit.com/40sibt),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""John.. Carter.. 2012"".. .. yify.. srt.. sumotorrent.. butler.. PC.. iPad.. 720p.. without.. signing](https://www.reddit.com/40sgwl),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""G.I... Joe:.. Retaliation.. 2013"".. .. MKV.. bitsnoop.. movie25.. DVD5.. imdb.. english.. megashare](https://www.reddit.com/40sig9),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""American.. Sniper.. 2014"".. .. free.. torrentz.. video.. mac.. iOS.. bitsnoop](https://www.reddit.com/40sinz),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Anchorman.. 2:.. The.. Legend.. Continues.. 2013"".. .. putlocker.. BDRemux.. no.. registration.. dailymotion.. torrent.. BrRip.. full.. torrentz](https://www.reddit.com/40sh36),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Madagascar.. 3:.. Europe's.. Most.. Wanted.. 2012"".. .. video.. 1280p.. thepiratebay.. trailer.. 1080p.. x264](https://www.reddit.com/40shz9),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Exodus:.. Gods.. and.. Kings.. 2014"".. .. online.. 720p.. vumoo.. VHSRip.. high.. definition.. thepiratebay.. subtitles.. no.. registration](https://www.reddit.com/40shtm)"
"Maybe he means they move like that movie Rudolph.  Fucking claymation and your shitty frame rates, damn you all to hell!"
But there's a difference between band b+ I think B is too low
"Take this from someone who's been in Retail management for a decade... 

Don't be the manager you always wanted. Don't be the guy who jokes around with the staff all the time, don't be the guy who doesn't enforce policies, don't be the guy who let shit slide because it's not a big deal. 

Be the type of manager that you would respect. Tough but fair. Open door with the crew. Call them out on their bullshit but praise their hardwork. Don't dress them down in front of their peers. Share the blame if shit hits the fan. 

Be sure if you throw out ""we're in the shit"" it's actually ""we"" and not ""they"". If you truly, TRULY get in the shit, get in there with the dishie and knock shit out, or prep to help them out. Don't try to take over a station, be their support. And when it's all said and done, and you've survived another shit, give them props as a whole. 

It's tough to earn respect of a crew, but once you do and you don't do something stupid to fuck it up, they'll have your back as long as you have theirs. "
"While impressive I may be one of the few who is getting tired of seeing that "
[deleted]
"
# *DOWNLOAD MOVIE ""Reservoir Dogs 1992""  HQ direct link now 1280p watch MKV iPhone streaming*

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description movie **Reservoir Dogs 1992**:

&gt;  After a simple jewelery heist goes terribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant.

&gt; .


***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Reservoir Dogs 1992***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Reservoir%20Dogs%201992)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Reservoir Dogs 1992***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Reservoir%20Dogs%201992)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Reservoir Dogs 1992***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Reservoir%20Dogs%201992)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Reservoir Dogs 1992***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Reservoir%20Dogs%201992)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Reservoir Dogs 1992***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Reservoir%20Dogs%201992)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Reservoir Dogs 1992***](https://shouters.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Reservoir%20Dogs%201992)
***

&gt; . 

&gt; .reservoir 
dogs 
1992 
download
reservoir 
dogs_1992_dvdrip_xvid-ekolb
reservoir 
dogs 
1992 
movie
reservoir 
dogs 
(1992) 
cover
Reservoir 
Dogs 
(video 
game) 
- 
Wikipedia 
the 
free 
encyclopedia
reservoir 
dogs 
1992 
full 
movie
reservoir 
dogs 
1992 
subtitles 
english
Reservoir 
Dogs 
Blu-ray
reservoir 
dogs 
(1992)
reservoir 
dogs.1992.bluray.1080p.x264.yify 
english 
subtitles
Reservoir 
Dogs 
- 
Internet 
Movie 
Firearms 
Database 
- 
Guns
reservoir 
dogs_1992_dvdrip_xvid-ekolb 
english 
subtitles
reservoir 
dogs 
(1992) 
torrent
reservoir 
dogs 
1992
reservoir 
dogs 
1992 
subtitles
reservoir 
dogs 
(1992) 
watch 
online
Reservoir 
Dogs 
is 
the 
1992 
heist 
film 
that 
marked 
the 
directorial 
debut 
of 
Quentin 
Tarantino 
(who 
also 
wrote 
the 
screenplay). 
The 
film 
focuses 
on 
a 
diverse 
group 
of
reservoir 
dogs_1992_dvdrip_xvid-ekolb 
subtitle
Reservoir 
Dogs 
sizzles 
- 
it's 
dynamite 
on 
a 
short 
fuse 
and 
you 
watch 
it 
with 
mesmerized 
fascination 
simultaneously 
attracted 
and 
repelled 
by 
the 
explosion 
you 
know
Reservoir 
Dogs 
is 
a 
video 
game 
based 
on 
the 
Quentin 
Tarantino 
film 
of 
the 
same 
name. 
Released 
in 
2006 
it 
garnered 
mostly 
mediocre 
reviews 
and 
caused 
minor
reservoir 
dogs_1992_dvdrip_xvid-ekolb 
subtitles
reservoir 
dogs 
(1992) 
trailer
Reservoir 
Dogs 
Reviews 
- 
Metacritic
Reservoir 
Dogs 
Blu-ray 
(15th 
Anniversary) 
(1992): 
Starring 
Harvey 
Keitel 
Tim 
Roth 
and 
Michael 
Madsen. 
Four 
Perfect 
Killers. 
One 
Perfect 
Crime. 
Critically 
acclaimed

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .[ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Finding.. Nemo.. 2003"".. .. rarBG.. torrentz.. video.. direct.. link.. 1080p.. HDTS.. DVDRip](https://www.reddit.com/41me7n),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""Beverly.. Hills.. Cop.. II.. 1987"".. .. movie.. android.. FilmClub.. 480p.. IPTVRip.. kickass](https://www.reddit.com/41me2a),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""Conan.. the.. Barbarian.. 1982"".. .. torrentz.. HDTS.. HQ.. video.. BluRay.. android.. torrent](https://www.reddit.com/41me44),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Help.. 2011"".. .. ac3.. HD.. putlocker.. yts.. youtube.. megashare](https://www.reddit.com/41mf8y),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Nausicaä.. of.. the.. Valley.. of.. the.. Wind.. 1984"".. .. SATRip.. eng.. VHSRip.. how.. download.. online.. yify](https://www.reddit.com/41meww),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""Close.. Encounters.. of.. the.. Third.. Kind.. 1977"".. .. Tubeplus.. VHSRip.. butler.. MP4.. Dub.. iOS.. iPad.. mac](https://www.reddit.com/41mes9),.. [WATCH.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Pianist.. 2002"".. .. 720p.. film.. online.. look.. dailymotion.. ac3.. iOS.. MP4](https://www.reddit.com/41mdya),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Kindergarten.. Cop.. 1990"".. .. HDRip.. no.. pay.. BDRip.. HQ.. dubbed.. link.. to.. view.. BluRay.. for.. mobile](https://www.reddit.com/41mf6d),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Usual.. Suspects.. 1995"".. .. movie25.. english.. Tubeplus.. DVD5.. direct.. link.. srt.. MP4.. TVRip](https://www.reddit.com/41mfay),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Star.. Wars:.. Episode.. II.. -.. Attack.. of.. the.. Clones.. 2002"".. .. trailer.. x264.. rarBG.. subtitles.. movie4k.. HD](https://www.reddit.com/41meqv),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Star.. Wars:.. Episode.. II.. -.. Attack.. of.. the.. Clones.. 2002"".. .. movie.. DVDRip.. AVI.. x264.. 1080p.. look](https://www.reddit.com/41mebz)"
"I never used attack move until i found that post explaining how to bind it to your left click. I use it frequently, and it's best in team fights where you wanna put out the most dps possible, and allows for some insane kiting, to the point where I've been accused of scripting. Highly recommend giving it a shot op"
Assert my dominance and furiously get off
I thought this was going to lead to walking into a porno
hot bro
"Buy a pressure cooker. It makes meal prep for the week easy and tasty. You can cook a few pounds of meat at a time like a slow cooker but in 20-40 minutes and it comes out much tastier. 

"
"The feds dropped the case before it even got to court because they went after him for something he didn't do. 

They basically believed that he emailed the schematics of a device to China with the intent to sell or share the information illegally. He did in fact email schematics, it just turned out they weren't for that device. He emailed schematics for something completely different and that was already part of international collaboration. Multiple leading experts in the field backed up the story and confirmed the schematics were not the device.

So, technically, yes, he wasn't found innocent, but it's because the case had no basis to go to court in the first place."
"Just to pile on to what /u/arivederlestelle has said in his fantastic answer - Dante's language and imagery are richly allegorical, and not necessarily to be taken as something the poet literally believed.  One source of imagery that hasn't been mentioned here is astronomy, which seems to inform a lot of the structure and content of Dante's poem.

As for the issue of allegory, Dante perhaps explains it best in his own words:

&gt; ""To elucidate, then, what we have to say, be it known that the sense of this work [(*viz.* the Divine Comedy)] is not simple, but on the contrary it may be called polysemous, that is to say, 'of more senses than one'; for it is one sense which we get through the letter, and another which we get through the thing the letter signifies; and the first is called literal, but the second allegorical or mystic. And this mode of treatment, for its better manifestation, may be considered in this verse:

&gt; 'When lsrael came out of Egypt, and the house of Jacob from a people of strange speech, Judaea became his sanctification, Israel his power.‘

&gt; For if we inspect the letter alone the departure of the children of Israel from Egypt in the time of Moses is presented to us; if the allegory, our redemption wrought by Christ; if the moral sense, the conversion of the soul from the grief and misery of sin to the state of grace is presented to us; if the anagogical, the departure of the holy soul from the slavery of this corruption [(i.e. the bondage of the soul within the body)] to the liberty of eternal glory is presented to us. 

&gt; And although these mystic senses have each their special denominations, they may all in general be called allegorical, since they differ from the literal and historical; for allegory is derived from alleon, in Greek, which means the same as the Latin alienum or diversum.”

 -Dante Alighieri (Letter to Can Grande della Scala, 7)
"
"With Fantasy Flight, it's rare to see a game released without an expansion simultaneously.  They're merciless in regards to more, expensive product. Still, the games usually justify it by being great. "
(looks at score at the half) Welp.
"If streaming continues to add content like it has then the $10 is well worth it. Especially when you consider you could have network tv + $10/month streaming. Which is still much cheaper than a basic cable package. "
"You're still a nice person. You didn't say anything rude. You didn't do anything to hurt anyone's feelings (though you'd still be a good person if you did). You know how every rude waitress is a bitch until you consider that she must have been having a horrible day!? Well that's the break I'm giving us with IF. it's not a license to be bitchy, but it is a break I am affording us. Especially when we recognize it before anyone else is the wiser. Hope you got yourself a little chocolate bar, you deserve to have someone be nice to you. "
I'm going to private message you so I don't eat up the sub feed lol.
You missed one
Sounds like a good idea!
"This is just speculative, but iiNet was acquired by TPG in the last half of last year. Maybe that could be impacting it? I know for sure that TPG have a record of sub-standard quality when it comes to service reliability. Maybe they modified the connections so that it reduces traffic congestion and hence basically shapes the speed of anyone who uses it 'excessively'."
People can die at any age... I seem to remember Hillary having health issues during her time as secretary. Like a bloot clot between her brain and spine. Honestly as long as he picks a good running mate its fine. People are tired of our corrupt goverment and electing him signals a shift in american politics.
The most annoying thing about playing against her is that if she hits her E as a gank is coming in your forced to choose between a huge slow or staying where you are still dying to a gank.
"Haha I'll be sure to send it your love ;) I dunno, I can be a bit of a brat sometimes. I might have to make a punishment audio to give you guys a bit more insight to that side of me :P"
"jeez never realized how much came from the top tiers. Personally I only ever buy the digital game (+ the soundtrack sometimes). "
Hotline Miami anyone?
"So why would you care about them or Jada Pincket? "
"It wouldn't look so full of they kept the turn 3 and turn 2 grandstands up. Those stands were packed when Penske was running the place. "
[deleted]
Where are the mods.  This is fucking awful.
Hello fellow vanuses
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Wow really, what? I have an artifacting 780 that I'm looking to RMA and now scared I'm gonna get a worse performing card for older games."
"I love Americans. 

I love Edmonton.

Why are you getting mad at me Florida fan #5?"
"Myfibre?

Suggest looking at [the list of ISPs](http://www.idd.com.au/internet-service-providers.php) otherwise..."
Vince loves New Day
"At my work, this is exactly what's expected. At least the yes sir stuff. Not saying our opinions and ideas aren't valued. They are, very very much. But we show respect to our superiors. Just how it should be. Not sure I understand your approach..."
Thank you!
Tree removal service
"lol, I just like getting karma it feels nice, I don't care about the downvotes as long as I get some upvotes im ok"
"Chicken Piccata?

[Pretty par for the course](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m09n7wnkVp1r8vl3h.jpg)"
"I mean they still have Sacre as well and he is trash too.

He just isn't good."
"It was definitely tough to get the hang of the first few times and the size was intimidating for me too. I squeeze it in the middle, and then just shove it up as far as I can go, pushing it up with my middle finger, You'll feel a bone where the cup will sit on top of which you can kind of hook your finger on, and then I shove it just a little farther up. You shouldn't feel it at all once it's in. It's kind of like putting a tampon applicator in.

If you think the Diva Cup would work for you, give it a try! I would get one but I'm just happy with the softcups--less maintenance than the Diva but still pretty earth-friendly. "
[deleted]
"i suspect that a lot of women who show up on stage with no visible fat on their glutes and thighs are using ""help."" not that there's anything wrong with it but it's not my thing.

i've never completely eradicated mine, and i am pretty thin.  i don't have enough muscle to get all cut up and still look good. "
"Antichrist, maybe. But there's a lot of very porn level graphic sex scenes in it, and gore if that bugs you. "
ok thanks :)
And yet no thought is given to the complete ridiculousness of the concept that damage to a corporeal body during its life would somehow follow the liberated soul into paradise.
"*Again, one hit Blunder Man.*

***

*Rosaline Decrux is a former assassin who was framed for the kings death. Using her newly given magic powers, the Queen of Rogues will do anything to clear her name. Dishonor breeds blood.*

***

*Quinn Jacobson is freeing  nondescript and vaguely Seattle like city from the GMRF, one command center at a time.*"
"It's funny, but if this is serious then this card is blatantly too strong, even if it burns through your entire deck, it's still an 8/8 on turn one. IF your enemy can't deal with it and whatever's in your hand then they can lose just on the sheer power of this one card alone. And that's in the worst case scenario, if it only discards a couple cards then your enemy's doomed to lose just because of the massive tempo gap between you."
"He is in our conference I have watched plenty of him. He is a good player but I don't buy him as a true #1. He is probably a slight upgrade over Granlund but when Granlund is on his game he is a magician with the puck and has crazy hands. At his best I take Granlund. But Granlund is streaky and often not at his best. He is the reason we need to trade for a true number one. I would be happy to have RNH on this team but not at the cost of Brodin. That is way to steep for a slight improvement at center and in the end still lacking a #1. "
"Can't wash those recycled paper blankets, OP."
My baby's name is Darwin too! :) What a good looking dude!
dubs aren't letting up. They are clearly out on a mission tonite
"This is fascinating. I wish our interactions were collected into a top comment for the thread, because you've hit upon the core schism between classic trad play and more narrative / story gaming. 

I've taken a challenging position with you so I could tease out more of what's been going on. See, I've gamed since the 80s, when almost all the play styles were as your friend plays. I've since moved on long ago from enjoying that way of gaming. Games informed from that time, like Shadowrun, are fundamentally designed to  support his play style, not yours. That's why this is so amazing. He's not wrong, and you might not be able to help him see your point of view.  Not while swimming in a mechanical environment biased in his favor. I don't see a way to support him getting it. You would have to play Apocalypse World, Fiasco, Dread. Nordic larps... and I don't know what else... Microscope?  
"
"AJ styles reference? "
I love it when you tease like that Steph....
"I'm from the US, but live in China.  Most expats here don't speak much Mandarin.  If China passed a law forbidding any expat from living in China without speaking Mandarin they would see the number of expats living within their country plummet, and as a direct result various industries would tumble downward.  "
"Because some advanced uses require it, and people think that that means they should always do it.  And those people keep recommending it.

Leave your caps on until you can give a reason not to. And don't heat your mix."
"Wow....those pictures are something else; thanks for sharing.

I'd love to walk through there and listen to Nine Inch Nail's 'Ghosts' album...*shudder"
Wow.  Dodged that bullet.
"It will not show up, unless your acid is not in fact acid or is laced with something. Sometimes blotter can be laced with methamphetamines and other such things to give a sense of increased potency to the tab, when in fact you're just out of your mind on meth"
"It's a massive source of barrels specifically because for Jack Daniels it's essentially waste at that point (since they require fresh casks each time). This creates a situation in which the Scotch industry has found such an easy and cheap source for barrels it doesn't need to look anywhere else, nor is there any reason for another company to try and supply barrels in quantity.

Sure, at this point Jack Daniels suddenly disappearing from the picture might make the Scotch whisky industry collapse immediately simply because there's an established reliance, and Jack Daniels never existing would have stunted the industries growth a great deal, but nothing suggests the industry would not exist; it's still a global market and another source of barrels would have been established. "
"I decided pretty quickly that its going to have to be played slower on bass than it is piano...that's just a lot of fretboard to cover. I kind of doubt I'll ever play it in front of an audience, except maybe those people who say ""oh, you play bass? Play something for me"" (or maybe a guitarist who says bass is easy. ""Oh yeah... play this"") Im more doing it for me than anything else"
"Waves ADT gets pretty good results for me. However I usually just double track, because I like the way that sounds more. "
Is it cold up there on your high horse?
Extra fat consumption is sometimes promoted by the 10% BF athletes and read by the 40% BF couch potatoes as gospel.
"Up until I looked into it myself, most ""anti-mormon"" arguments I read/heard were all arguing on theology. So listing off a bible verse and saying the Mormons were evil because the bible said it. But, since no one can agree what the bible actually says it wasn't anything to take seriously.  "
"Thanks I'll have a look. Next time I will be sure to check out those places first. "
[removed]
"Similar experience here, but I moved up here in '01 when there was a very different vibe about town.  If there was any hostility, I sure didn't notice, and while it's entirely possible that this is just due to me being somewhat oblivious and inclined to think kindly of people, it's also possible that people just weren't as inflamed against outsiders back then.  "
Thanks for the repost of the drawer and keeping me a homosexual.
I'd rather have a great film later than a mediocre one sooner.
And an exceedingly hairy gooch
lol
"  
[prophetic prism](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Handlers/Image.ashx?name=prophetic prism&amp;type=card&amp;.jpg) - [(G)](http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=prophetic prism) [(MC)](http://magiccards.info/query?q=!prophetic prism)  
^^^[[cardname]] ^^^to ^^^call"
Happy Birthday real Burnie!
"Yes. They do need to be punished, Martin Shkreli, Peter Brabeck-Letmathe, Brian L. Roberts, and many more need to be imprisoned. "
"&gt; despite 

That was intended. That's a DJ Khaled reference.
"
[deleted]
jr gonna jr
"http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/66900/?

http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/22894/?

http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/26329/?

http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/20721/?

Why play Fallout when you can just have what Fallout has in Skyrim?  You're welcome."
Just don't bother with them
Are you even watching the game?
"hogwart is a plant. Hogwarts is named after the plant, as is the muppet"
"Build a pistol. You can have fun with it and if you want you can SBR it and add a stock when you get the stamp. "
All time favorite
"&gt; if it was Dell or HP it would have been same or next day!

Never really understood this, Supermicro is not HP or Dell, they're not trying to be. Supermicro is significantly cheaper, cheap enough that you should be buying hot spares, not depending on 3rd party support."
"Have an example of the event scenes/cut scenes you're describing? Great write up, fun to read. I love big parties because I often struggle with picking favourite characters.

With 8 characters and only 5 party slots, you forgot one very important feature: characters outside the party aren't penalized XP-wise otherwise you never end up using them. It's not like those sitting out are really sitting out, they're just doing something else which should earn themselves XP!"
"Might see a flagrant here. "
All of them say Roman reigns
"I still play the quests for the stories in them, a lot are like little novellas. "
"I'm an atheist. "
"The simplest way is to just invest in a general international equities mutual fund, which will generally invest in companies around the world.  Assuming the fund is from one of the major US companies, I'm sure they will do their due diligence for you (e.g. making sure there aren't any ""forbidden"" investments).

Of course, like many investments, the fund could earn money, or lose money, and most funds are indeed subject to things like foreign taxation, exchange rate risk, and other factors.

The general advice is that you should have a mix of US and international mutual funds, set in accordance to some pre-determined *asset allocation*.  For example, you could have half of your equities in some US fund (e.g. S&amp;P 500), and the other half in international equities."
"Favorable economic situation: yes. 
Integrate: not really.

There are kids born in Israel today that grow up in such a Russian bubble that they speak with a Russian accent.  
Also- you could argue that it caused a decline in the Israeli-Arab relations. A foreign group that was given more favorable treatment, took over a lot of jobs, and they looked down at Arabs and even sephardic Jews. So there was a culture clash."
holy fucking time filling
"Ah ok, thanks."
Guys I think they all might say Roman Reigns on them!
"u/-popgoes Do you know why is this stickied? "
"Bingo! "
"2?!?

Cavs best player gone.. "
"i hope roman comes out with a lawyer, and because all the balls say Roman Reigns, he is all 30 entrants and wins automatically. swerve on ol' vinny mac"
Sabers.
"Yeah, I'd say that's pretty good. Although I would get a larger case, but that's personal preference. I can't stand small PC's, dunno why. But the specs are pretty good. 

Shoulda' got a 390. /s"
"The general method is to find a couple of dealers you trust, and supply them"
"Drugs are ruining my life because most are ilegal, and because of drug propoganda."
"*fwwwwwirrrrt*
""Illegal impersonation. On the Insurgents. 3 block penalty.""
[War Correspondent: ""Oh, man. You hate to see that, Rick.""
 War Correspondent 2: ""That's right, Jim. Mistakes like these have been happening all too often. If I were them, I'd hate to be in that safehouse right now.""
 War Correspondent 2: ""Indeed, Rick. Anyway, back to Caroline with the casualty reports.""]
"
"I sent and I recently received a tracking number on my gift.  Unfortunately it has yet to arrive, I think its stuck in vapers hell, aka Baltimore sorting facility, but as soon as it is here I will post pictures and a thank you.  I was hoping to have it before xmas, because this was going to be the only thing I received for xmas.  Sounds pathetic, I know, but I was looking forward to it. But I am still thrilled to see what it is, its just a late xmas gift :D

Edit: Spelling.

Edit 2:  I got my gift in the mail today, /u/crappy_guitarist! Unfortunately I am not able to vape the juices that were sent due to them being Max VG and out of my flavour profile ( I really hate creams, custards, etc) but I would be more than happy to pass these on to someone who might not have received anything.  They are 3 mg, Max VG.  
"
"Your submission has been automatically removed for the following reason(s):

* This video is in the [top 100](http://www.reddit.com/r/DeepIntoYouTube/top/?sort=top&amp;t=all) submission of all time in this sub. 

* This video has [already been posted in the last 3 months](http://www.reddit.com/r/DeepIntoYouTube/search?q=url%3A%22HEQX4-mGYcA%22&amp;restrict_sr=on).



Please review the subreddit rules. If you believe your submission has been removed in error, [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FDeepIntoYouTube) as replies to this comment or PM's to /u/deepmodbot will not be read by the moderators."
That was barely a flagrant 1.
"Short of individually asking each person who you feel is behaving unacceptably to stop? Not really.

I suppose not looking at Youtube comments is always an option, too."
"That's a common foul, not a flagrant 2."
"&gt; Because you don't agree with it, you assume they made it up? 

It was posted on a site which clearly states that its articles are satire. [Here](http://www.cityofdearborn.org/news-and-events/city-news/116-satirical-website-makes-up-article-on-sharia-law-for-humor-but-city-of-dearborn-is-not-amused-by-falsehood-sets-record-straight) is an article from the city in question, debunking the claim that sharia law was placed on the legal books there.

National Report states on its own website that its articles are fictitious. Dearborn, Michigan confirms that it was fictitious. What more do you want?

&gt; It doesn't matter if you believe there was no infringement, the judge presiding over the case (and the neutral party) clearly thought so, and shut it down

Which is, indeed, the final word unless they appeal, and I don't know whether they have done so."
"That's a lot of ""if's"""
"A couple days late, but I love me some [Regina Spektor.](http://i.imgur.com/JnS00CQ.jpg) Couldn't resist drawing her for this prompt. :)"
"he doesn't just have one voice, its just he often does the Spike voice because the casters will either ask specifically for it or just don't care so he defaults to the Spike voice for generic character work."
"That's not a third kit, that is the training shirt they wear when warming up and training. It isn't yet official but when the images like this are released they are more or less confirmed. "
I have swatches in 2 different lighting conditions for the UDxGwen Blush Palette and the lipsticks and lip liners. Hope these help you guys decide what goodies to get!
That terrified me. I worried I heard a crunching sound as I put the retention arm down.
"Go back to stormfront. "
"Cross Talk is perfect!  
But, in my world it will always stand for eX-Thermos.
🐍"
"I wonder if I would have the same reaction. I still hold on to this small shred of hope. I feel like if I found out he was dating someone else. I'd reinforce me needing to move on. I know it would hurt like hell to find this out, however, lingering in a limbo stage of hope is also Hell. Well, high five to you and even though you're not ready to date. The fact you know this means your going to turn out a much stronger person. Keep pushing on."
"Markets were closed today. The stock didnt go anywhere today, it all happened on Friday when this story went big."
"Gagging. "
"Take away one of it's three races, and you'll have that happen. My recommendation is the All-Star. Take it to Bristol in place of the fall race, and bring back the pit crew challenge prior to the race on the track."
"The best way would be to do a bgg auction, although depending on how much you dislike packing/shipping it might not be worth it for you. 

If you're looking to give them away I'd consider women's shelters or children's hospitals if you have games that would appropriate for young or adolescent kids. Maybe a local school has a game club? For the rest I'd see if there was any interest in the games among local gamer groups (maybe an FLGS is looking to start an open public library?) and give them away there, maybe you could even have some type of tournament to see who will get the game.

I'm also pretty curious (like most people commenting here) to know what games for you're looking to get rid of- can we have an update on which gamers you'll be culling?"
"OP i'll give you $20 to fuck off mate. "
"Likely depends on the site. "
That's okay. The series sets a lot up that seems like fluff. Follow the main story and you can pick up any details if you reread. Plus if you think you missed something ask on the /r/wot subreddit. They're generally good at avoiding spoilers
[deleted]
"Yeah, I think the hole in the top is too big and should be more like the old UD eye primer tubes."
[deleted]
"Well Mokou-tan, you gave me hopes.

Only unit from Avant batch onwards is Lune... ;_;"
Get mozgov out of there
"how do you know what i have or haven't done or what i am an expert on?

regardless, law school is not required to sit on a jury and the concept of ""reasonable doubt"" is not a difficult one to grasp."
"Fictional "
"Can everyone just get on the same page and equally hate everyone that says they are religious. Let's get all the Christians, Mormons, Muslims &amp; Scientologists and the Jews. They are all equally shitty.

If you think you know the ""divine will of god"" and ""absolute truth"" based off some book some dude wrote, you need to be called out as a fucking idiot. Hell, that's what Whitehead and Russell tried with _Principia Mathimatica_ and we all know how that turned out.

No one knows shit at the level of omniscience."
I was backing your claim up..
"I apologise if you didn't intend it but it seemed you were implying that a lack of sleep is not a serious issue. "
This sub is great. I think we should emulate our future king ruler and concentrate on making this sub a fun and informative place to be. Your time is better used finding interesting content in the interweb then arguing with people who prefer a different candidate democrat or republican.
This is my favorite comment ever
"How do they find out how comfy his bed is before deciding to sleep with him the first time?? "
"2nd Request

IGN: Kris

Deposited: Level 30 Male Abra

Requesting: Kabutops

Thanks again! "
"Not only that, but by 1934, the law stated that ""all of the German youth in the Reich is organised within the Hitler Youth"". So it wasn't a question by then of being in or not, just how devoted you were."
why is the shading on your car so weird? it looks cel shaded (cartoon style)
[removed]
Studio Ronin
"&gt;I think a lot of people thought you are pro-immigration.

The dead pigs strewn over areas for proposed refugee camps say otherwise."
here we go.
"I have two copies of Shakespeare's sonnets and two copies of Kafka anthologies. Both times were because my sister gifted me the second copy, and I can't exactly just give away gifts. I love both writers so it doesn't bother me too much.

I did buy a second copy of Perks of Being a Wallflower by accident. I couldn't find the first one, and thought I gave it away or left it somewhere. Found it later in a box, under a bunch of other books. oops.

I also did the exact same thing with Ken Folett's Pillars of the Earth. I got the ebook, it got buried in the list of all my other ebooks, and I completely forgot about it. Later on I bought a physical copy, got home, and remembered I had the ebook. Oops, again.

I also once had two copies of Maus I. I cant, for the life of me, remember how the hell that happened. I remember sorting my books, picking up Maus, and going ""Wait.. Didn't I put this on my shelf already?"" Sure enough, had two copies. Could not remember where the fuck I got two copies from. Still have no idea."
This is sarcastic my riiiighht?
The only inanimate object he has an emotion for is his fedora
"I burned the soundtrack for both 3 and NV onto a disc and play it in the car all the time. Me and the missus song along to it a lot. "
Yeah it really pisses me off when I'm in a life or death situation and instead of either punching a guy or jumping over a railing my guy decides racking the bolt is of the utmost importance at the time
"Yah I remember seeing the sign, my wife and I have a picture by it, but otherwise nothing else - honestly I don't even recall seeing the gift shop - ah yes, wiki states that during 2002 and 2003 the plaque was moved and the trolley later on...we were there in 2003. I knew I wasn't on crack, it was hard to find and nothing else other than the plaque. "
Latham would get the nod surely?
"If you're looking for jazzy stuff kontakt is your best bet


examples
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euHbyr0Xgew
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SS4FdAua0_o


or just sample your stuff"
Where was this leaked from? It looks like it's photoshopped.
"You can change the settings for fight type and length and latency and player skill so on, but I don't think there's a -set- metric people use to determine actual vs simm dps. For me simcraft is helpful for comparing talents, gear, and such for different fight types in a controlled setting. Actual WoW isn't a controlled setting. The numbers are a rough estimate, but I wouldn't treat it as the end-all. If you really wanted, maybe run LFR butcher or something, idk. 


I don't dps often, but in my opinion if you want to compare DPS you would be better off looking at WarcraftLogs for parses within your ilvl bracket that are not cheesed and kill times similar to your own group's. You can deduce people's talent choices and see their specific rotation. "
[deleted]
"I got that with a mobile number on a new contract before I ported mine in. Missed payment notifications from Sky, debt collections and random people ringing and then texting asking if I was ignoring them."
"According to the review the gamma ""is"" fixed with an ICC profile. The gamma tracking seems to follow the 2.2 curve after applying the ICC profile. Would that not compensate for the poor quality? 

Thanks for your time. "
"I understand that thought (i got the book and the stick at the same time xD) 
 
 
[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FO2oEGhqz04) to show you a bit of hope. This is me like 3 days into ""Ryu training"", I still do a lot of random stuff in it because one's mentality does not adapt that fast (like, why the hell would I jump into the corner TWICE?!), but it already started to carry over. Then again, I only was at like 35% of the book. xD
 
 
PS: Prior to the book I had last played Ryu in SF2 arcade times. :p"
"Unvoiced, which is why even some Poles, like kids and such, get confused when it comes to writing, and write ""sz"" instead of ""rz"". "
"Bahaha no this is just right leaning version of r/politics, trump is the preferred candidate here"
"The old chestnut : ""I can have a credit card and i will only use it in an emergency. I wont get into any debt."" 

its bullshit, get first credit card = start debt."
Is this an Asian accent?
Fro
"Pro-AWB, against repealing the ACA, supports common core.  True conservative right there.  "
"   IGN: Ziln

   ID: 4273001361

   Account Level: 229

   Leaders: Haile^B, Zeruiah^A, Avant^L, Chrome^A (Mainly using Zeruiah as lead for now but can be changed)

   Looking for: Daily Gifters. Leaders not terribly important.

   Activity: Very active, will send gifts out every day.

"
u/mellor21
do you not remember that shrine had the exact same thing in MoP?
"If you do anything violently on the first day, proceed to do everything violently for the rest of the day."
"Arghhh i was too forward, when i told her i like her i meant it more as 'i'd like to go out again and see where this goes' but it probably sounded more like 'RELATIONSHIP' :("
"It happens :-) 

I'm Scottish so probably to me more than most! "
"say hello to him/her and run away "
"Farewell, dear [post](/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/411nln/eli5_why_is_it_accepted_that_the_personality_and/)!

You were submitted by /u/yesterdaysturds to /r/explainlikeimfive and you were taken away from us way too early.

You achieved a lot in your life. The 409 score will always be remembered. Your 126 comments will miss you dearly.

Rest In Peace.


*Please note that this bot has nothing to do with the deletion of your post. It just detects successful posts that were deleted.*"
"Try looking for ""Akatsuki Factor"" on Deviantart."
Try deleting the display prefs.
"Ya,I was inspired by [this comic](http://i.imgur.com/8sBilFn.png)
and I hit on this horrible idea. Vladlll made kebab from kebab!
"
"As someone who doesn't precisely understand 'blacker' means in this context, glad to have your support!!  

I still get goosebumps listening to Killer Mike introduce Bernie. "
"&gt; people wouldnt need to use TS, Curse or Discord, they would just use the in game option

People use voice-chat programs for other reasons than just communicating in-game, you know? 

Whether its chat features, being able to use the program from game-to-game, having your own specific settings, or alerts when your friends get on, there are many reasons why a group of 3-5 that plays together is unlikely to switch. 

Moreover, a dedicated program is almost always going to be better for voice chat.

&gt;and this way the 1 dude that has to play with the 4 man premade can actually do something

As much as the odd-man out may not like it, a lot of groups simply don't want to talk to that one dude and would rather just communicate with pings. "
"Sorry to say that I think the stats do not change(or just change a little). It's good against Master A, but the weak spot is that it only hits the long range part and spares the close range."
"Azi a facut una cu vreo 30 de lei pentru operații, nu pentru ca nu te ai uitat aseara la Badea. &gt; majoritatea nu vor locuințe proprii. majoritatea nu vor locuințe proprii. majoritatea nu vor locuințe proprii. majoritatea nu vor datorii."
Masha Allah nice lecture.I read how [early Muslims had to deal with lots of Islamophobia](http://islamhashtag.com/how-did-the-early-muslims-respond-to-islamophobia/) far more than what we deal today but how beautifully they handled it and this is the reason why the Muslim Population is increasing day by day.
[deleted]
"CeRestial Tower. "
If these fools had any sense of brains to them they'd sell the non snack dicks for more snacks. But these are professional whiners with little intelligence so...
"Good! use your aggressive feelings, girl."
Raigeki for game.
RIP in peace.
"That is fascinating, thanks for the link!"
"Find some friends to play with even if they are just guys from matchmaking that have stuck around. Take your time learn the map, Let your teammates take point and support them. The game has a learning curve and can be daunting. But it's rewarding when you master it.

As for players being better than you. How else do you learn if you don't struggle to succeed. Easy wins don't grant you skill they grant you ego.
"
"Yes, that's what I'm scared off. Thanks for your feedback."
"I know how that feels.. Well, at least it doesn't say like: ""Great content and gameplay, subbed. Sub me back!"" that just kills me."
Ready for the trade? I added you. I use Pokemon X...
"Enjoy it so far, however:
when searching for exercises, my keyboard gets laggier than I've ever seen. Like, ill type in ""squat"" and it takes approx 15 seconds to appear.  It's not a wifi issue or phone speed issue either, the rest of the app runs smoothly.
Also, I switch unit of measure to be lbs in the settings and everything switches over except for ""stats"" which shows the graphs as kgs. but the numbers showing are in lbs.
EDIT: also, how do i set a goal for an exercise? 
overall enjoying the app so far, thanks! "
"Hey OP, wanna know who's never won an Oscar?

Leonardo DiCaprio"
She looks really cute :3
"pMorg, molik karn, a willbreaker and a unit of beast handlers"
"Did a show for a stand up comedian and he somehow managed to turn off his rf mic (long story).

He then started berating the foh engineer and calling him names.  

He said something onstage along the lines of, ""you can't even make a mic work?  I'm gonna have to come and fuck your momma to make you do your job.""

...Amongst other very insulting things.  

He also has a reputation for doing the same to the lighting guy.

...the comedian was Wayne Brady.


Moral of the story--any performer onstage can be an absolute twat no matter what you do for them.

"
College thugs!
"First of all, awesome job man.

Second, any idea how long this dish would stay good refrigerated/stored?

"
and during the Winter sale.
"I am amazed that her campaign was so far behind the curve on Bernie's climb.  I think about a month ago Bernie started saying things like he was already working on his inaugural speech and saying he thought we had a chance to win Iowa.  The internals, all the info collected from canvassing and phone calls always picks up trends before they are reflected in polls.  This tells me that it is quite possible that we are winning the ground game, there was a reason why Bernie was feeling confident while Hillary was blindsided."
"3847, i haven't yet started to trade, just dont know where to start and just got my first valuable skins."
I have been having a similar experience. I really want Dayz SA to succeed but I really don't know when the devs plan on implementing Enfusion.
I was expecting two guys to be in the picture...
"That depends on what you mean by a whole fight.  I think the first fight will be more of a short scrap like their fight in Justice League: War, and the second big fight will be more like the fight in DRK."
"""Jusyou."" He babbles, planting kisses over Caleb's face, then his neck. ""Jusyou."""
"Well, and Merck, an American pharma company. "
"yah. i've been in poland for the past two months.  they generally have shower heads that slide up and adjust for height..  they just never test those shower heads all the way up so if i want the shower to hit my head, i have to put towels all over the bathroom floor because water is going everywhere."
I haven't gone to a baseball game since.
Lol damn you are really venting today!
"Fight Night. "
"It's weird Americans call them that; surely someone said they wear ""speedos"" (like pants), when they got introduced. It's worse than when you say herb without an h - you all sound like Inspector Cluesau. "
"Dude its the queenies party not your nans

One simply does not jizz on the liz"
What's the source for Kendrick? I haven't heard anything about him starting a new album.
COP?
What happened to that new Ultraman movie?!
Sending!
"I'm pretty sure it was because his daughter was recently born. "
[deleted]
Portal 2
"theres an icon that you can click on that changes the display size, i thinks its in the bottom right the video, kinda like on regular youtube"
"My only grievance is their new system actually allows for this to be setup as is. 

Choice 1: Fill 

Choice 2: ADC

Easily showing you'd rather play /any/ role other then ADC. Might have needed a little more coding to make it work, but since it was a new thing more coding is no excuse!"
"Was the barista taking requests or did your friend just ask for this? "
"Garnet's Staff had high Mind too. Just checked it, and this is the first staff with high Mag and low Mind. This reduces its usability a little."
Nice moves. Keep it up. Proud of you.
"You are aware the big bang theory was written by a catholic priest right? "
"&gt;Zionism is not a way to overcome nationalism, imperialism etc

I didn't say it was. I know it isn't. It is an emergency solution because overcoming those things is just not possible. It stems from the simple realization that left-wing utopianism doesn't work right now because the socialist world revolution became an impossibility.

&gt;one state

Not possible because Palestinians are the strongest currently existing antisemitic collective, and would absolutely not accept living in one state while having similar numbers and power as the Jews. Denying that is just beyond idiocy, when most Palestinians believe the Protocols of Zion are real and that Jews control most of the world, then at the very first sign of crisis the antisemitism would be unleashed, they would interpret that Jews having more money and influence is the problem of all their woes and try to get rid of them. Plus, a one state would take Jews their means of self-defense, and it would probably take away the right for Jews to immigrate to  Israel in case antisemitism reemerges on a large scale, like it does in France currently.

A better solution would be to evacuate all Jews in the Middle East to the USA in case of a collapse of the Israeli state, hopefully as soon as possible.

&gt;Proudhon is not against banking

He was against interest and suggested interest-less banks to finance coops. Associating interest with ""parasitism"" is regressive anticapitalism that easily leads to antisemitism.

&gt;Fascism is not anticapitalist and hated communists

Yeah, sure, it wasn't anticapitalist like communists are, it was fetishistically anticapitalist in that they projected exploitation and crisis not on capitalism itself but on the Jews. That is the whole point. Nazis knew capitalism creates crisis, unemployment and exploitation - they just thought it was Jews that did it for the reasons I have discussed (rootlessness, associated with the abstract, associated with the modern, with globalism, with multiculturalism etc)"
"I got it from the same guy for the same item. "
I disenchanted Golden Edwin to craft Tirion.. then later crafted edwin non-golden. I'm still pretty salty about that since the only deck I want all gold is oil rogue.
"a link from in the comments: 
http://boards.4chan.org/pol/thread/61022177/operation-reddit-upvote-expose-muslims 

Quoted:
&gt; UPVOTE THE WITH OPEN GATES VIDEO
&gt; https://www.reddit.com/r/Documentaries/new/
"
"Then you have a page of 9 paladin deck pictures, which looks fucking awful."
Showerthoughts is now purely regurgitated top comments. Like a little karma recycling factory.
"dear shibe,

i am making such contact on behalf of my sister mrs mariam shibacha, the wife of our former head of state, late general sanni shibacha, not minding the consequences, but hoping that you would understand our predicament hence the need for your urgent assistance and co-operation.

i am prince isa shibe the younger brother to mrs, mariam shibacha. she got your contact while going through her late husband's library and hope that you can give us adequate assistance.

my aim of contacting you is to seek your assistance in transferring the sum of thirty five million doge only (Ð35,000,000) out of such country very government and into your trusted doge wallet abroad. these funds were part of the funds, which was found in her late husband's private room. immediately after his sudden death last year and she quickly informed me, since i virtually run most of her secret business both here in such country very government and overseas, as she has a lot of confidence in me and fortunately with my immediate assistance, and contact we were able to deposit the money in a paper wallet pending when the whole situation will be calm.

presently, all the family bank accounts abroad were frozen by our former head of state general abdusalami abubakar because of alleged looting of our nation's money by her late husband general sanni shibacha, but fortunately for us, we are now in a democratic government, and this is our opportunity to remove the money out of such country very government, we are willing to give you 30% of the funds after the transaction for your co-operation. all i need from you is an assurance that you can handle the amount involved comfortably and also i can trust you with this very arrangement.

is rest assured that there is no risk involved since i have taken care of everything here in such country very government?

i want you to immediately inform me of your willingness in assisting / co-operating with us on my e-mail address so that i can send you full details of this transaction and let make rearrangement for a meeting and discuss at length on how to transfer the said fund. finally, i am trusting on your full understanding of the above and hoping that you understand the need for absolute confidentiality. awaiting with interest your response and hoping to develop good business relationship with you.

yours faithfully,

prince isa shibe"
: D
"Not really surprising they'd buy into ancient christian propaganda about vikings and rape (a massively overplayed aspect of an ancient culture), but somehow ironic."
"Well, I didn't mean the content of the comment section but the post itself.

As for uncomfortable imitations, I have no idea what you're talking about"
" // Instantiate(grassPrefab_, RoadScenerySpawn[spawnPointIndex].position, RoadScenerySpawn[spawnPointIndex].rotation);    

Had to remove this line! But it breaks the random spawning so I gotta figure that bit out :3

u/skizmo helped me figure it out this works perfectly: 


        int spawnPointIndex = Random.Range(0, RoadScenerySpawn.Length);
    var grass = ((GameObject)Instantiate(grassPrefab_, RoadScenerySpawn[spawnPointIndex].position, RoadScenerySpawn[spawnPointIndex].rotation)).transform.parent  = roadInstance_.transform;
        grass.transform.parent = roadInstance_.transform;
"
"Seeing how every major tree rework there's a passive reset and seeing how ascendancy adds a TON of new stuff in the tree, obviously, yes, you'll get a reset."
Napoleon dick
We are running out of road names. Instead of building more roads we build a lot of ROWs in order to save the remaining names for when we really need them.
Try this https://www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofpizza
[deleted]
[removed]
"I know it was on a fourth down, but I still love it. And better field position!"
"Have 2. Quite good if your good we can go flawless. Thealphafinnie "
"Practice with a metronome. When you do it for the first time it can be eye opening. It pushed me off the perch I'd sat on as a bedroom guitarist. "
"**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Please contact the moderators versus replying to this message, if you have any questions or concerns.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
good to see the usual shit-posting from you again.   Keep up the hard work :^)
"Hello, it looks like you're trying to ask a question about a lottery.  [We have a megathread on this topic currently](/r/AskReddit/comments/40c6kp/lottery_megathread/), please post there.  Thank you!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"That is another bad play, why is Doug Baldwin in a screen with three defenders on him. The cute shit is killing Seattle, and they're reaping what they sow with this dogshit. Fuck, man."
Maximum LOL
"A twist, a twist!"
"RES users who drop down the image don't see the full webpage. Even those who do click the link won't see the title if they don't look at the tab name. "
"Sure if you want your kicker to break his foot. "
"If you like 80's cartoon parodies, here is another excellent one: [Space stallions.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Otaq2tmNMM)"
"
# *ONLINE MOVIE ""Kidnapping Mr. Heineken 2015""  without signing mac movie youtube watch SATRip XViD android*

&gt; . 

&gt;  Description movie **Kidnapping Mr. Heineken 2015**:

&gt;  The inside story of the planning, execution, rousing aftermath and ultimate downfall of the kidnappers of beer tycoon Alfred ""Freddy"" Heineken, which resulted in the largest ransom ever paid for an individual.

&gt; .


***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Kidnapping Mr. Heineken 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Kidnapping%20Mr.%20Heineken%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Kidnapping Mr. Heineken 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Kidnapping%20Mr.%20Heineken%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Kidnapping Mr. Heineken 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Kidnapping%20Mr.%20Heineken%202015)
***

. 

***
## █ ► [**WATCH** ***Kidnapping Mr. Heineken 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Kidnapping%20Mr.%20Heineken%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**DOWNLOAD** ***Kidnapping Mr. Heineken 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Kidnapping%20Mr.%20Heineken%202015)
***
***
## █ ► [**ONLINE** ***Kidnapping Mr. Heineken 2015***](https://ssshorts.ru/609j?source=reddit&amp;keyword=Kidnapping%20Mr.%20Heineken%202015)
***

&gt; . 

&gt; .kidnapping 
mr 
heineken 
2015 
movie 
review
Ganool.AG
kidnapping 
mr 
heineken 
2015 
movie 
poster
kidnapping 
mr. 
heineken 
(2015)
kidnapping 
mr. 
heineken 
2015 
film
kidnapping 
mr 
heineken 
(2015) 
hd 
rip
Watch 
Movies 
TV 
series 
on 
Official 
GANOOL 
website. 
Free 
Download 
Best 
quality 
Hollywood 
and 
Asian 
films 
Games 
Animes 
TV 
Shows 
with 
subtitles. 
Nonton 
Film 
Online
kidnapping 
mr. 
heineken 
2015 
trailer
kidnapping 
mr. 
heineken 
(2015) 
movie
kidnapping 
mr 
heineken 
(2015) 
torrent
kidnapping 
mr. 
heineken 
2015 
imdb
kidnapping 
mr. 
heineken 
2015
kidnapping 
mr. 
heineken 
(2015) 
trailer
kidnapping 
mr 
heineken 
2015 
image 
cd 
cover

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .

&gt; .[DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""No.. Deposit.. 2015"".. .. HDTS.. in.. hindi.. film.. now.. IPTVRip.. Tubeplus.. TVRip.. 720p](https://www.reddit.com/40cquz),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Paul.. Blart:.. Mall.. Cop.. 2.. 2015"".. .. HDRip.. ac3.. DVD9.. IPTVRip.. putlocker.. 1280p.. movie25](https://www.reddit.com/40cqu8),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Peanuts.. Movie.. 2015"".. .. HDRip.. HQ.. movie4k.. BDRip.. watch.. free.. Dub.. coolmoviezone](https://www.reddit.com/40ct0z),.. [FULL.. MOVIE.. ""Daddy's.. Home.. 2015"".. .. solarmovie.. DVDRip.. torrent.. yify.. torrentz.. viooz.. Dub.. 1280p](https://www.reddit.com/40csix),.. [DOWNLOAD.. MOVIE.. ""Prem.. Ratan.. Dhan.. Payo.. 2015"".. .. FilmClub.. Tubeplus.. no.. pay.. without.. signing.. 1280p.. VHSRip](https://www.reddit.com/40cqv2),.. [FREE.. MOVIE.. ""Parallels.. 2015"".. .. tablet.. english.. no.. pay.. dubbed.. video.. online.. free](https://www.reddit.com/40crue),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""Inside.. Out.. 2015"".. .. putlocker.. kickass.. MOV.. online.. MP4.. torrent.. yify](https://www.reddit.com/40crao),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""Maze.. Runner:.. The.. Scorch.. Trials.. 2015"".. .. PC.. MKV.. DVD9.. ac3.. eng.. thepiratebay.. iPad](https://www.reddit.com/40cqpj),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""We.. Are.. Still.. Here.. 2015"".. .. without.. registering.. BDRip.. streaming.. dailymotion.. putlocker.. sumotorrent](https://www.reddit.com/40csh4),.. [ONLINE.. MOVIE.. ""The.. Atticus.. Institute.. 2015"".. .. sumotorrent.. no.. registration.. how.. watch.. online.. yts.. viooz.. video](https://www.reddit.com/40cr2g),.. [STREAM.. MOVIE.. ""Final.. Girl.. 2015"".. .. high.. quality.. megashare.. coolmoviezone.. movie4k.. movie.. EZTV.. no.. pay](https://www.reddit.com/40cqmc)"
"Та ну да, не так, як у кравчука. "
"I wouldn't say they were silver and gold play, but honestly none of these would be challenging for the worst pro players. This montage didn't really showcase faker doing faker things"
I've been doing my own taxes since I was 16.
"THIS IS AMAZING!
"
"B-but what about le tupac, eminem and biggie? "
Waynes fyi
Just Snapchat :)
"**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**

Your post has been removed as it either violated [Rule 1 ](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) or [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:

* **Your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post.  Your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box.**

* **You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title.**

* **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**

Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.

[**When you've removed the answer or unnecessary context from the textbox, message the mods for review and reapproval**](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&amp;subject=Post+Review+Request&amp;message=My+post+was+removed+under+rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/40ctk5/tipsideas_for_making_a_naughty_video_for_my/) and ask the moderators to re-approve it.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
doubt.jpg
"Somebody tell me what ""teen driver technology"" is."
"This is heaven is what it is :).The things I'd love to do to you..."
"Yes, but they really are intended more for enterprise use, as they are geared for reliability over performance, and are extremely expensive. They are really awesome SSDs, but Samsung is a much better bet for the vast majority of home users."
"Yes, thank you, you are completely correct! It is funny that I have seen these as well in Kauai and was hoping I didn't bring them to TX on accident, but it appears that Kauai is the oddball place they are and are natural to the southern US. 

Very cool looking spider. Thanks again!"
That is absolutely brilliant!
That's what trying to write an infinite loop without using a loop does to a man...
[deleted]
"I usually do that, but to be honest I find too many toxic players or people whose personality doesn't mesh with mine so I don't go about adding a lot of people from games."
"Well, on the bright side you can make a ""Gotta go fast"" joke ever time you run it."
"713,285

mfw"
"If you really want one ... GunBroker usually has them. You definitely won't get it at wholesale prices, but you'll get one. It seems like it will be several months before Ruger is able to fulfill the demand for these. At that point, I'd expect these to settle down around a street price of $999. Some 308's are already selling for that, but I haven't heard of a 6.5 Creedmoor that could be had for that."
Get back on D Yogi!
"the heater should be set at your preferred temperature and it will go on and off

never leave your heat turned off 

this will make the pipes freeze and go kapow"
If you keep updating stuff ill slap it in a table and throw it in the OP when I get home later. You mind including who was what side?
"That's just silly. Of course people can be concerned with the default settings of their software without ceasing use of the Internet. This isn't just about the exact data being transferred across the wires, the complaint is about the default settings for doing so.

If Caonical had just set the Dash to not transmit searches (in plain-text) by default, most people wouldn't have had a problem with it. People could opt-in to sending searching on-line. That would have been fine for most users. It was the opt-in by default that ticked off people and organizations like the FSF."
[deleted]
[deleted]
They didn't have an agent available to staff the ticket counter on the other side.
Gotta say the thing I hate most about the Vikings is that fucking horn at their home games...
Nice meme!
"enjoyability "
"Correct me if I'm wrong, but he's trying to charge the dog. I think he feels threatened."
Do you like Jordan's?
"This is the touchdown drive!  I can feel it.

Edit: Shit, shit, shit"
Brianmc_09. 313 hunter
"*She watches him, a bit nervous. She shrugs it off and continues on.*

""Bye,"" *She calls after him.*"
"Thanks for the info. "
ethansmith1
"Sounds like you either have a short root or are full on bottom. I think the bras that fit you well aren't short though so I'm leaning towards full on bottom.

Like the Envy, the Hettie has stretch lace at the top of the cup. I believe it to be more accommodating to full on bottom shapes than the Envy, though there isn't too much information out about it, as Hettie is a pretty new bra."
He was an excellent pass blocker though...
"Definitely, but in some kind of a weird way I feel like the bass playing there doesn't belong on this list since it has more of a jazz approach "
Thank you! This is really cool!
Vote.
"I really like how clean and fresh this look is. And unrelated, but you have my dream widows peak!"
"They all were on PC, and all FAILED to get to worlds so yes, they're failures. "
"Yeah, but it ruins the whole supernatural bogeyman persona that Bruce tries to maintain. It doesn't line up in my opinion. "
Eu am 1gbps de la RDS si 1gbps am si pe speedtest cand ma conectez pe cablu. Daca trec pe wireless am in jur de 300-400 mbps. La viteze de genul asta conteaza foarte mult router-ul si calculatorul. Din cate stiu nu exista niciun router care sa duca fix 1gbps pe wireless si iar n-ai nicio sansa sa atingi 1gbps pe un calculator fara SSD. In principiu ei iti dau ce promit din cate stiu eu si net-ul din Romania nu se compara cu nicaieri in Europa unde am fost.
I was thinking exactly this earlier today. Fuck the Wilpons
"pelikans tend to be smooth so i'd recommend m205 or m405 for gold nib they are piston fillers

for paper rhodia and clairenfontaine don't feather and clairenfontaine is ultra smooth i dont have any experiance with tomoe river paper but its highly recommended "
[deleted]
"oh, I understand what happened now. You held the original photo at an angle in relation to the camera you used to take this picture of it, so the original image was distorted by this and by the lens of the new camera - did you use a smartphone?"
[deleted]
Definitely enjoy the lineup though
[updated the chart based on feedback!](https://www.dropbox.com/s/r90b46d2vsejn5r/isaachart.png?dl=0)
Do you really think that anyone literally thinks this is made of 'Transparent' marble?
I just bought a couple accounts from Dr. Awkward on AB last week and I'd recommend him highly.
[deleted]
"&gt; No thats not live wrestling, but thats not an injured knee fighter either, jumping and spinning with zero worries weeks before the fight.

So now you are just outright refuting the idea that he had a knee injury? Just look at the fight, he clearly isnt moving as well as he usually does in his fights, other people said they heard he had the injury, his coach and his camp confirm it, do you think he just dreamed the knee injury up out of thing air to excuse his wrestling and everyone else is in on the conspiracy?

&gt; Yea im so anti mcgregor that i posted in this same thread that he'd beat pettis.

This means nothing. I dont consider McGregor the favourite against RDA

Edit: By downvoting are people trying to suggest they agree the knee injury was completely fabricated? And they say the McGregor nuthuggers are the delusional ones"
"Holy shit, that almost 20k HP..."
Playoff Norv?
You'd be wasting acid by now. Best to just wait 2 weeks and then take 2.
I thought he caught a Roetlisberger pass?
"Why? I'm genuinely curious, I don't speak Portuguese."
"&gt;However, my understanding of the use of the shebang (which is ignored in windows) 

Incorrect for Python.

https://docs.python.org/3/using/windows.html#shebang-lines"
"&gt; No thank you. You can have some of my income but not my holdings.

Holding onto a lot of money does nothing to stimulate the economy. This is why we need a 90%+ rate on the highest bracket (with MANY more brackets). That way people will be more pushed towards re-investing that money into the economy.

&gt; Her foreign policy as SoS has centered around arming allies and avoiding American boots on the ground.

Arming allies that don't even want to help us.

She has not indicated anything military spending cuts, and similarly no additional funding for the crippled VA."
Sadness.  At the vape shop I go to most the people hanging out are big Carhart-wearing truck driving bubbas.  I'm not sure what's worse.
"I almost cried reading what they do to their dog. I called the police on an animal abuse situation (different from this) and basically said that they wont do anything unless the animal is in distress (crying i guess). I called our humane society and they did something about it. So please place some calls so their dog can be removed from that situation and go to a better home. And then move out. Even if it means moving to a shitty studio. You are obviously not safe there if you cant even leave your sister and dog alone with them. Is there anywhere else you can move to? Would you have to give a notice to this friend or is there a deposit involved? "
"Laces out, man, cmon,
Walsh still nailed it tho"
"I did about 50% of the German translation. Might get around to do the rest too, who knows."
They showed a super-simplistic ingame ui a while ago
"lol yeah. The faces are always the trickiest part. "
That sounds like a good hentai if there isn't something out there somebody needs to get on it.
"In denmark paycheck taxes are around 40-60%, and everything in stores has an additional 25% tax, stop fucking whining."
*refresh*..... *refresh*
"Why?
"
"Yes, I sure am. Howdy, lol. Woodward, OK, now."
"I'll take field goals all day as long as we're on top, but we have to open up this offense more."
Needs an NBN trigger warning.
If you have access to save data filer a certain iso site might just have a 100% save file that i may or may not have used for my game that may have worked flawlessly.
Last night's game was a shitshow.
"... I'm being sarcastic

check  ma.. oh wait we all ready know god was never real... nevermind"
How about a nice buttered roll
"The second build looks nice. I'd probably replace the gtx 750 with the r9 270 (from KING_of_trainers' build) if I used it. Truthfully, I only have $200 right now, but I plan on selling some stuff to get more. That's why I set myself a ""budget"" of ~$350, but I'm sure I could find the money to go over a bit. Thanks for the help."
Yes you pass to me.
"So is ours. "
I just think our confidence in Lurie has been shaken. The possibility that he fired Chip for some stupid personal reason is still hanging out there.
Just hang on while your body gets smashed against the seat.
"even at the first order? I did read something like first handling at first order "
You don't think people would notice that you're married/with a partner ever?
FUCK GOODELL I HOPE YOUR HEATER BREAKS
"What's your manabase like? Rider would be an awesome addition to the deck, but WUR on turn three untapped seems difficult to pull off with one drops"
Technically yes
"To use your analogy, it's like saying we have $20 to spend on making dessert. Let's spend $5 on making the cake, and out of that we'll spend $2 on icing.

How much of our dessert money did we spend on icing? 40% or 10%? Sure, the other $15 was not allocated towards cake (and thus couldn't have been used for the icing), but it is still part of the total amount that we're spending on dessert."
"Dude go to /r/nflstreams they have links that work on phones "
yes if you have the equipment. This hits the rear deltoids.
"I've played that game, but all I want to say is that not having been kissed at 17 is completely normal, don't worry about it so much."
If someone bought me a pint of beer I would be happy with that...
"Against fizz, they always panic and e thinking they wont die to drain ignite"
"Yards are hard to come by in this game. "
"Thanks for the heads up. "
[removed]
"I use it to cover up my lack of a jaw line, personally."
"Clans are always recruiting people who have a presence on the server. If you're a pretty cool guy in chat, then there will be a lot of clans willing to let you join their ranks. It's also pretty easy to play Rust as a solo player, but the learning curve is a bit steeper there."
"Smoothie speaking Korean was our bad, and we've since corrected that error in the notes for the podcast. Absolutely fair to call us out on that. However, you guys have finished fourth in all but one split, and given we mentioned it in a very joking tone (I don't think anyone saying the ""Curse Curse"" should be taken as 100% serious), I think that's a bit of a nitpick. Still, you're entitled to your opinion, and I hope you guys prove our predictions wrong this split; the LCS is a lot more fun when you guys are at the top of your game."
"Of course! This is a great one and it was one of my most interesting moments as a gamer. It broke the fourth wall so subtly it was excellent. Bioshock infinite did this too often to be cool in my opinion. It was still a fun game but it didn't blow my mind like the original.  "
Same in Belgium. We wish we'd have 6% vat!
"When mufasa dies. "
"I'm probably not gonna play this one, but I'd love to do some commentating if anyone plans on streaming it"
Holding in your stomach to make your  waist thinner. 3 sets of 15 seconds is what he recommends every day.
"He grins and nods.

""Uh huh. Easy to kill with poison if you know how to wield it."" "
there will be a third island
"Try asking on /r/keto as well.

There is a [SF LCHF Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/San-Francisco-Bay-Area-Ketogenic-Diet-Meetup/) that might be helpful."
"I don't have anything like that for you but I'd highly recommend checking out r/minecraftbuddies. You'll probably be able to find something there that meets what you're looking for. "
[removed]
[removed]
"It really depends on the hangover.

If it's one of those ones where you have the shakes and you can't sit or stand and the sweat is coming out through you and you can barely keep water down then honestly alka seltzer and water are the only thing you should have for quite a while.

If it's not as bad as that, and you can stomach food then something that lines the stomach - toasted sammiches, a breakfast roll, a fry with toast, that sort of thing."
I hate this country.
http://i.imgur.com/rqN9W4Q.gif
I accidentally left a goldfish bowl out there once...ONCE!
"In the US. It was actually founded (by me and others) in the US. Mngmnt became a Japanese affair. "
Post that picture in the sticky and you get Bernie flair.
"&gt; was polluted due to choices made by emergency managers appointment by the governor to run the city of Flint

A little more accurate.  The city made bad financial decisions that led to the governor appointing several people to run the city over the last 5 years or so.  The governor made bad managerial decisions that led to appointing people who apparently had no idea what they were doing, and were apparently just following orders to cut costs in whatever ways possible.  The people held a referendum and voted to override the managers.  The state government passed and the governor signed a law reinstating the managers and blocking future referendums to remove them again.

Somewhere in the midst of all this, an emergency manager overlooked [a report from 2011](http://www.mlive.com/news/flint/index.ssf/2011/09/water_treatment.html) that the city's water treatment facility could not handle the river water without $millions in upgrades.  Without the upgrades, the river water was too corrosive to treat properly, leading to a number of boil water notices due to bacterial contamination.  Additionally, without treatment to reduce the corrosiveness of the water, the water ate away at the plumbing, picking up iron and lead."
You occupy a space that is neither informed nor funny. It's a serious waste of everyone's time but chiefly yours.
"&gt; Messages directly or indirectly can be a form of harassment. I thought both parties were guilty of that in the end.

Could you explain how indirect messages can be a form of harassment?     

&gt; I don't know how to decide which public objections of an ideology are OK or not. It's too complicated for me. The court document seemed reasonable to me.

Wouldn't it be best for all ideologies to be criticized openly without restrictions?  Those that can stand against criticisms have nothing to fear and those that cannot logically should be reformed or abandoned.     Remember we are talking about solely words here.

&gt; By the time anyone either side was guilty of harassment it was provoked. Gender / cultural factors were important to the situation.

I disagree on the gender part as if this was a gender divided issue than we wouldn't see female supporters on his side, and male supporters on hers.   

Unless I am misunderstanding you here and you mean because she is a woman therefor it's not okay to do what he did?  I doubt this is your point  but just wish to make sure.

&gt; I think it's OK to criticise your Governor if you feel strongly about something. I think you can continue to criticise them if they block you on social media.

So whats the difference between myself and the Toronto man then?  My Governor also is driven by his own ideologies  which dictated choices in how he governs,  and how he speaks.     Is this purely based on  a bias that you also agree with me that hospital funding shouldn't be the go to source to reduce a deficit? 

&gt; I would defend her calling him a paedophile in that, by that time, there was deep, emotional, irrational, involvement between the two and a few others on Twitter.

Well our conversation here has the potential to become quite heated but I don't think I would ever be dependable if I falsely accused  you of being such.   To take ideological differences and have a passion filled  back and forth is nothing compared to that baseless accusation.  

&gt;  Calling him a paedophile was part of that emotional, irrational response. I think it was wrong of her to do that, overall.

So it's wrong by your own admittance but you would defend her anyways because its a emotional response?    That accusation isn't exactly a small thing,  I'd rather be socked in the face than to a rumor of such caliber successfully spread about myself.   I'm pretty sure you would too as that rumor can be life destroying and a single punch tends to not be.    So it seems to me there would be little that you wouldn't defend over a emotional response to a simple disagreement regarding ideological views.

&gt; He was provoked by her and also by others. . She was provoked by him, and also by others.

Being critical of someones views that she made public is not provoking them.    As for the ""others""  in no way  are they or anyone else responsible for others.     If someone who agrees with you right now shared your post to someone who disagrees does this make you guilty of provoking?  Because  that's the logic you seem to be spinning here.

&gt; It is not clear to me who was provoked ""first"", from reading through the first half of the court document.

Does it matter?  It seems that you have watered down the word provoke to simply publicly respond to or disagree with.  

&gt; The court decided he did not commit criminal harassment and personally I would agree. 

Well you aren't exactly what I requested to speak with then, no offense is meant by this but I was seeking someone who thinks that he should have been convicted.

&gt; The level of outrage expressed by many posters in this thread is out of proportion.

I highly disagree,  the man was arrested,  lost his job,  had his reputation smeared as being a pedophile.    That is something to be very angry over.   This even made it into the court system which required the pursuit of criminal charges instead of being dropped which it should have been.   Oh and let us not forget the legal defense fees.  

If you're not angry that someone can endure all this simply because of one person online couldn't handle someone publicly disagreeing with them and couldn't defend their ideology.  Than I beg you to reexamine your position here.    Destroying other peoples live should never be so easy.

&gt; Is the last part related to the case?

It was a joke to try to bring some humor to the discussion. "
"Here is my information on /u/triniwarrior:

[/u/triniwarrior has taken out and paid back 5 loans, for a total of $843.26](/paid_)

[/u/triniwarrior has given out and gotten returned 0 loans, for a total of $0.00](/paid_)

[Loans unpaid with /u/triniwarrior as a borrower:](/unpaid_)

Lender|Borrower|Amount Given|Amount Repaid|Unpaid?|Original Thread|Date Given|Date Paid Back
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--

[Loans unpaid with /u/triniwarrior as a lender:](/unpaid_)

Lender|Borrower|Amount Given|Amount Repaid|Unpaid?|Original Thread|Date Given|Date Paid Back
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--

In-progress loans with /u/triniwarrior as a lender:

Lender|Borrower|Amount Given|Amount Repaid|Unpaid?|Original Thread|Date Given|Date Paid Back
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--

In-progress loans with /u/triniwarrior as borrower:

Lender|Borrower|Amount Given|Amount Repaid|Unpaid?|Original Thread|Date Given|Date Paid Back
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--



Note that my database is not current. I have lost information prior to roughly January, 22, 2016. A better way to check their posts in this subreddit is through [search](http://www.reddit.com/r/Loans+borrow/search?q=triniwarrior&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all) and [reddit investigator](http://redditinvestigator.com/triniwarrior). [Justin Paulin Creddit Rating](http://justinpaulin.com/tools/credditrating.php?username=triniwarrior)"
"Of new music that I hear on the radio/Pandora it's mostly repetitive over produced garbage and if a new band does have a decent song you can guarantee that you will be hearing it on the radio 30 times a day till it dies. My last music purchase was Phil Collins greatest hits. Maybe I don't know anything about music but the that song X's and O's makes me vomit and same with that take me to church song and the radio stations can't play then too often either "
"Kratz has taken the bait, just like Peterson, Colborn and the rest of the ""cast"". Why is Kratz talking? Why is he admitting now that he would've/should've done things differently and that he ""was a dick"" back then? Why didn't Kratz say this stuff as part of the documentary? Zellner is licking her chops every time these clowns go on the record ""defending"" their actions. Why so defensive there little buddy? Watch and learn, the oldest trick in the book...Divide, then Conquer...Kratz is a sexy diddler, he knows that he is ALL ALONE, everybody hates him, he also has plausible deniability regarding planted evidence, coerced confessions and perjury, Kratz is a sweaty little time-bomb. Watch closely as the others scramble for cover, fumbling their words, pointing fingers...somebody gonna get hurt real bad...somebody..."
Source: https://youtu.be/PijXZyTrfoQ
What about Illuminator synergy?
Well I will test this when it next comes out as the daily. I will try to get my friends to try as well.
"For sure. A Mania win would be awesome too, but I think the current storyline is peaking and a win tomorrow makes sense. "
"Its only your future you are voting for, no big deal."
I know people have their favorites here but Delph losing his man like that was just as bad.
Meh
"That's a shame... like I said, it had what looked to me like some pretty good advice in it."
"It's actually a pretty big risk if it's undescended. If he's in a fight and gets hit in the stomach it could pop. "
"Nope, German. From the word ""Pudel"" ,derived from the Low German verb meaning ""to splash about""."
"You're watching anime, you always should."
"It's in kalais cube the 8th page where u get instructions how to upgrade your ancient equipment "
"dunno, i use scrolls"
"LOOK EVERYONE WE'VE GOT A 1%ER HERE! SHARE THE WEALTH, FEEL THE BERN"
"&gt; Is it just me or has Sakho regressed seriously since his injury?

93% pass completion. Best of the team. "
"Solved it myself.  Including this information in case people find it useful.

There are some 4K monitors out there which take a Displayport 1.2 input, but have option to drop back to Displayport 1.1, which should make them compatible with Macs going back to at least 2009. If your Mac's maximum supported resolution is 2560x1440, then it's likely using Displayport 1.1.

The option seems to be accessed within the monitor's own settings. I can't say for sure how many monitors have this configurability. Ask the manufacturer if you're in any doubt.

[Source](http://www.dell.com/Support/Article/us/en/04/SLN296015)

&gt;If computer supports DP version 1.1, monitor will not be able to achieve 3840x2160 @ 60hz. It will support lower 60 Hz resolutions such as 2560x1440 or 1920x1080.
&gt;Through the Monitor’s On-Screen Display menu (OSD), change the option from MST ""OFF"" to MST ""Secondary"" (You are changing the monitor’s setting from DP 1.2 to 1.1).
&gt;It may be necessary to restart the computer for monitor settings to activate."
"Sera sounds like Sailor, lol."
"You win this round, Pablito."
"I never saw Cast Away, but it doesn't sound *that* different.  Volleyball, farting corpse.  Whatever."
Holy Christ~!!!
"Of course there is a ""you"" in the driver's seat. I know that or I couldn't be having an intelligent conversation with you. You couldn't be passing this Turing test if you weren't you.

The only question is how you work on the inside: is your brain the seat of your intelligence as all available evidence indicates, or is it something magic and immortal that could continue to exist even after you die?

Remember that we can't ""feel"" our brain. When we have the perception that we ourselves are located somewhere inside our own heads, that's because of the location and perspective of our eyes. That's why you don't imagine the seat of your consciousness to be an inch higher or an inch lower than your eyes, even those those spots are also within the gray matter of your brain. We certainly have no perception from our own introspection of where the prefrontal cortex is that's the center of so much of what makes us human, what was missing in the tragedy of performing Lobotomies which left people as hollow shells of their former selves.

In terms of your 1 and 2, it often happens and is reported by the people who have certain kinds of brain damage that they do struggle to function normally. The person who had part of his brain damaged by a stroke or tumor will lose some functionality, but sometimes can compensate in some ways for that lost functionality. Neural plasticity and people's ability to cope with various handicaps are not evidence for or against the hypothesis of a supernatural soul in any way.

If anything about brain damage provides us useful evidence, look at it this way: if any of our mental functions were executed within an immaterial supernatural agent instead of our brains, then there would be some part of us that couldn't be destroyed or erased or addled by any drug or disease or injury that affected our brains. There are many versions of the 'soul' hypothesis and I haven't heard yours exactly, but whether it is supposed to be our emotions, our moral judgements, our most important memories or anything else that you think is seated in something immortal and immune to being destroyed when oxygen is cut off for a few minutes in a part of our brains, there's no evidence that any part of our brains are immortal like that. All available evidence points to every part of ourselves being dependent on the continued healthy functionality of our gray matter. When I ride a bike I wear my helmet to protect myself because I have seen no evidence that I am an immaterial soul and every bit of evidence points to my not wanting to splatter out onto the asphalt."
Was at a gym when this came on. One of the staff went in the back and turned the music off. He was the hero that day.
"OK, well I wasn't really judging anyone, just observing... Gym newb #2 and me did acknowledging noob nod and my former classmate's arms are undoubtly bigger than mine so I was not trying to hate on him at all. I know I'm a newb (hence 'Gym newb here') so I know I have a lot of shortcomings too."
"...Maybe...but we know that the car was up and running the other day and now it's not...Which means there's a time span in which the car could have been murdered. So unless you can prove that you weren't in contact with the car between when it was last running and now, you're on the suspect list. "
Please. This is /r/science. Use Celsius (or Kelvin).
"Was just trying to explain how the  anxiety is about only certain types of things related to the symptoms of the disorder.  "
But muh caves :(
"3 tines, they are lighter"
"The only problem for your explanation is that the final Epsilon mission involves Michael in Epsilon robes, not his underwear outfit. 

This spawn doesn't happen all the time, though. Sometimes I'll spawn in his house with a normal suit outfit on. This spawn happens randomly. "
We're not opposed. Issue is is how to balance it. Atm just adding persistence alone without a counter balance makes farming easy as hell.
[removed]
I don't see where the salt came from.  I was just making up shitty nicknames for each coach because I was drunk at a bar watching an even shittier live band ruin 'Man in the Box.'
"&gt; unless it's some way to nerf MAXes

:D"
[deleted]
"England: ""Damn, now have the same number of World Cups as we do.""

Germany: ""Heh, look at that.""

France: ""Sacre bleu!""

Spain: ""I bet the team speaks mostly Spanish!""

Italy: ""Mamma mia, we shoulda switched sides in the quarterfinals!"""
MONADO BUSTA!!!!!!
"no he has his own, unless you were joking"
"CTRL+F ""Lions"" -&gt; Not found lol"
Ah I see! Pretty good sleep amount :) I usually sleep from 11-5am lol. My natural time to wake up is 5am. So messed up
"ok, I'm a little confused by say this line:  
  
&gt;Cantina: Geonosian Soldier (ASAP) -&gt; Kylo Ren (7S) -&gt; Count Dooku/Geonosian Soldier (7S) -&gt; ...  
  
Does this mean, girnd out GS until you can Kylo, who you focus until he is 7 stars, then go to either ...  
  
If that is correct  
  
&gt;Cantina: Geonosian Soldier (7S) -&gt; Barris Offee (4S) -&gt; Luke Skywalker (7S) -&gt; Talia (4S) -&gt; ..

Does that mean, shift to Barris after reaching 7 starts, then to Luke when you have Barris at 4 stars ? 

"
"Obviously. Sometimes it comes down to suing an employee vs and employer, and the plaintiff will almost always go for the employer because they have more money."
"Finally, the correct use of this meme.👍👍👍"
"I hear there's a church in Florida that uses flakka as communion wafers.  Yeah, that must be it.  "
Top quality memepost. I've measured a perfect 100% dankness. 5/7 would kek again.
Glendale
"Thanks for the play by play. "
"To be clear - I figured someone from Eugene may have made the drive along the coast to Eugene. "
"Yeah I noticed the same thing, the layout is a little compact for the SAs and it makes typing a little rough.  I'm going to try it out a bit and see how it goes, I have a couple DSA sets which might be a better fit."
Name the two a year from the 2014/15 and 2015/16 seasons.
[deleted]
"Now you get to do *you.* Go buy a bottle of wine or some popcorn or a heated blanket or watch some Netflix or aaaaaallll of those things! Time to crush on yourself ;) "
I am very confused by the founding fathers thumbnail.
"We could have 1 new map and a remaster with every DLC. A remaster can't be very hard to make and it would bring a lot more to zombies while we wait for the next dlc.

But well...the invisible wall at the spawn stairs on The Giant is still there...which means treyarch/activision doesn't even care about zombies unless they get money for it.

That bug exists since launch while a liquid divinium exploit got patched 1 day after being revealed."
"Who would replace him. It's pointless to bitch unless you have a solution that is feasible. "
"&gt;why the rights of that person override the the woman's right to bodily integrity  

Most would grant an exception if the mother's life is in serious danger. If you grant personhood, then it follows that the comfort of one person is not worth the life of another.  
After a child is born, a parent has an obligation to care for the child. If the child dies as a result of neglect or violence, the parent is responsible, even if neglecting the child was beneficial to their own health or well-being. Should that right only begin after birth? Why?  
&gt;ethically obligated to allow another life to feed from them  

No one wants to mandate pregnancy. Rape cases can have more than one victim, and deserve a separate conversation, but outside of that sex is a voluntary activity."
"For me personally, having been brought up in Germany where bank cheques were abolished decades ago, I still think it is funny how the British here in the UK hold on to this archaic payment method. "
iHate that shit.
"Sexy Hair Play Dirty: I loved this when my pixie cut was a bit longer but didn't like it at all when I cut my hair above my ears. It weighed it down a lot so I had a hard time using up the rest. I will repurchase when my hair is a bit longer because it adds piecey texture to second day hair.

Sally Hershberger 24K Supreme Stylist Dry Shampoo (Travel sized): I couldn't figure out what I didn't like about this dry shampoo until Someone on YouTube reviewed it. They nailed it! It's too wet!!! It doesn't really ever dry and stays sticky in my roots. WNP.

Lush Sympathy for the Skin cream: can I just bathe in this scent? Really. I love it. It's the bomb. But alas, I only bought the container around 3 weeks ago and have already used it up. It's $25 so I can't really afford to be spending that much on cream... I will repurchase this at some point for a treat though."
[deleted]
"Thanks Obama...  
No really, thanks Obama!"
[deleted]
That doesn't happen lmao
"Not knowing anything about your game makes it hard to make reccomendations. That said, Adams is making great stuff right now. Their older ""Pro"" series (Pro, Pro Mini, Pro DHy) are great and dirt cheap right now. I've purchased both the Pro and Pro DHy for $40 each. "
"Not saying this in support of Hillary, but really why do you hate when people say that? I think that there's a strong case to be made that after 44 presidents of one gender, complete gridlock in congress, it might be time to try the other one out."
I told my dentist. TMJ is a very hard to treat condition. If you have REALLY bad TMJ you can get surgery.... with a 50% success rate.
Maybe just a little?
I'm ready to die for this but the flash has some of the worst writing ive ever encountered. And *grabs shovel to start burying myself* so does every other show on the CW I tried to watch (just supernatural and arrow).  They always start off really solid (arrow was one of my favorite shows in season 2) then they just throw it out the window.  I stopped watching supernatural after season 5 but I heard it only goes downhill from there
[removed]
"STDs

Gotta catch em all!"
"[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/Z5xHyma.jpg)
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/zRoT8Xz.jpg)
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/RWBzjup.jpg)

using the standard technics sl 1210 mk2 headshell."
"Dark Souls

Only for SNES."
"Despite the unwarranted downvote hate I'm getting for this, I seriously laughed at this comment. Well played sir!"
"Several of my family members have gone vegan at times in their life (only one has moved to and remains vegetarian), and each time I heard a litany of statements about animal cruelty. So it's absolutely a possibility my information is outdated. Still, I find it a fallacious utility, namely that less than 0.1% of the world's population can affect the progress of civilization by reducing their own footprints or advocating for ""gmo-free/organic"" options. 

These aren't dumb people (except the rare folks who feed their cats vegan diets), their efforts to improve the technology behind polluting industries would go miles more than trying to get everyone to go without meat. In fact, promoting insects as a food source would reduce the problem massively, but the fact they're animals somehow makes it a non-option. That kind of lack of utilitarianism/pragmatism is why I oppose veganism in its current incarnation. Down the road, when we have moved society to a place where it's possible, then yes I can see a legitimate argument. Currently, it's not just a pipe-dream, it's actively wasting everyone else's time. "
"Wait what? How?!?! I've been bringing the dingle down everytim. "
"I don't know what OP is referring to but the ""hate"" or rivalry also refers to this [insanity](https://www.google.com/search?q=hand+of+god&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1170&amp;bih=767&amp;site=webhp&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjIhvDcxsDKAhUJ4GMKHdZlC6sQ_AUIBygC#imgrc=eXsIVA67qcnXXM%3A) ;) followed by this [beauty] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wVho3I0NtU). 

But yeah, the english do not hate Argentines. outdated war and a game that a lot fans weren't even born yet to experience."
"Can you get the receiver and transmit to comincate on a breadboard or something?  

Wire up a button between high and input on the transmitter and then a led on the output of the reciever.  That will at least tell you if they are working."
"I can only assume this person means. 

""I want a world without an adherence to sex-role stereotypes but in that world I would still have bodily/genital dysphoria""

But the world is insane so who knows what he meant."
"They should create a system )kinda like freespace 2 let your create your own missions) wheres modder/players can create story-lines.

They then go through 2-3 player run QA checks, then finally a QA check through CIG. Successful missions get implemented into the PU.

This would vastly improve the amount of missions and with many players run qa checks they would all be high caliber and could be checked to make sure they fit the feel of the universe before cig even touches it. Then perhaps run a monthly $ crowdfund and top 5 storylines get a huge cut of that $$.
"
"problems with my body
"
"A trigger is assumed to be happening unless we have clear evidence that it is not. When you attack with Ulamog's Crusher the trigger is on the stack, *if you don't miss it*. 

The only way we would know if it was missed is if you allow the gamestate to move to a point where it could not be on the stack. That being said *the opponent cannot rush the gamestate*. If he said ""take 8?"" and you where like ""You still need to sac two things"", then the trigger was not missed. 

If he said ""Take 8?"" and you answered ""Sure, and you also sac two things."" then it would be OOOS and we would resolve the trigger. "
Daps 17-6. Time for us to hop off his sack
"Box to box CM, or right behind the striker in a number 10 role, or shadow striker if you're an fm player. He also played half the game at left wing today. Probably competing with Henderson, Wilshere and Barkley, but I'm sure more than one of them can play at once."
"Ahhh

-giggity "
"Nice. I have one on the way. Your panel good? Any BLB, much IPS glow? Dead pixels etc.? "
By that logic I can place AA guns in my bases and shoot down any jet that tries to land in your bases.
"Wow. Just.. wow. Some of the films produced, sans voices, had better stories than what we see today. "
I haven't heard anyone say they want Walton over Blatt... I think it's pretty clear he had the easiest coaching job in history fall into his lap.
Get your friends together and all give him a bj together.
"Just type fuck@off.com. If all they care is about numbers, give them one."
"I've been there as well, you know ;)"
"chill bro, I was just memeing"
"But Trump has all the things you dislike about Hillary, just dialed way, way up.  Why would you vote for him?"
Thanks. Didn't know about those skylake pentiums.
"Package any of palmieri cammaleri komarov Jenner or Hartsy. "
"So... a community where people have the same experiences and attitudes as you but sometimes talk about things that don't interest you or weird you out is a community you don't belong to.

While a community full of people whose experiences are actually opposite to yours, is a community that you belong to.

I think you're getting a little obsessed with this sub."
"Yes, that's **obviously** why body builders go to the gym every day - to wear down their muscles. "
"Survival of the fittest is literally how evolution works. "
Oh are these $360 Canadian? That's like $250 USD right? That's a perfect price for DS 13s. Pick em up if you want them!
I can claim when you are around.
"And yet, I almost wouldn't fault OP. "
"I'm not too sure, honestly. About the camera anyway.

We also plan on streaming, so probably that particular webcam for stationary videos, but our camcorder works for the other stuff.

As for the videos, deck profiles, match footage, and pseudo documentaries from regional events and whatnot. However, pertaining to the gameplay footage, we planned on having the people in the game play, while commentators provide color and insightful commentary.

Also, since I hate meme garbage, I don't plan on having shit like ""LELELELEL FUK RIPPUL"" or ""TROLOLOLOL YER DECK IZ BAD"". "
I think it's from season 2
"It doesn't, but here's how it could have worked.

Gelatinous cubes fill the entire space they're in.  That means if there's a hole inside them, that hole will be filled.  Opening a bag of holding would then get the cube to fill the bag, and as it does it starts moving into that location, taking the poor rogue along for a ride."
"sorry link didnt work  here it is again.... [inspect](steam://rungame/730/76561202255233023/+csgo_econ_action_preview S76561198148983018A4910247977D14159885407958710965)
"
"Not sure the confusion. If you search for qualifying LGS on Wizards, it flat out says that if you buy a box, you get a promo, if they are participating in the program. If you aren't getting one, your store is cheating you. If you bought a case, you should get 6, or the store is keeping 20.00 from you..."
"In Virginia towns there are a lot of older buildings with sagging bricks, unreliable windows, etc. usually ignored for repairs because of their historical value. One night at a dive bar in one of these buildings, some extremely drunk fellow decides to venture out onto the ledge of a third story window, and the bricks give way. In a shocking conclusion he fell to the ground and ended up almost dying. At the same bar, some homophobic redneck sucker punched my gay friend in the face on the smoking deck and he went straight over the back of the railing into the courtyard below.

Yaaaay Virginia."
Trump
"Not even close, in my opinion, to the cancer arc.  When she had cancer she certainly had her moments of completely despair, and yeah, she wrote that journal to Mulder in Memento Mori, sure, but she also never wanted him to read it, as she states later in the episode when she decides to fight back.  And in Redux II when she sees Mulder, she tells him to blame her for the death of the guy in his apartment.  That's pretty ballsy.  She was definitely still Scully all through her cancer arc.

Episodes that irritate me with her characterization starting in Season 8, parts of Three Words, Trust No1 (GOD I hate this episode), William, and a lot of I Want To Believe."
"Removed for the following reason(s):


* **Not being respectful.**



---

If you feel this action was taken in error, would like better clarification or need further assistance, please [message the mods](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FEliteDangerous&amp;subject=Mod%20Action%20Followup&amp;message=Regarding [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/425vk7/elite_dangerous_made_me_cry_for_the_first_time/cz8rnye%29:%0D%0D) (do not reply to this comment). Please remember to check the [rules](/r/EliteDangerous/w/rules) page before doing so. Thank you!"
The seven people still playing PvP in July sure are going to love their Dunemarchers.
"""If she doesn't have books in her apartment"" umm I have a Kindle thank you very much"
The fourth from the last panel kills me.
"Even without any reactions the heat of dissolution is very high. "
"Crim defense paralegal here.  Got a case where a corrections officer started raping his daughter at 8 and promised her a new puppy if she could let him 'stick it all the way in.'  They found his semen and her DNA on most all couches and furniture, on the cushions, floor, hallway carpet, bathroom, and on various sex toys.  

That dog is now 7 years old and went to court with her as her support animal.  It was surreal.  She was so brave. (yes, he pleaded **not guilty** and told the daughter 'if you don't lie for daddy, you won't ever see him again.'  She considered it. She had to testify.  When she did, he was so fking done.)

He got 45 years in prison -- doing time as a child rapist and former corrections officer.  I'm sure the days go by slow for him.
"
"Just run CCleaner...  

It's a bit like asking why not use a thermonuclear warhead to deal with a pesky ant problem.
"
http://imgur.com/a/M0Rh0 Here's a couple of pictures!
"Purchased some coins from me going first, patient while waiting for the transfer , good communication. A+"
&lt;3
Check you calcical we've had enough of your white bourgeois charity skeltals of color need community and good paying spooks that provide a decent living calcical.
"try to get formulas/demons who reflect zio/agi/bufu
it's the safest way imo"
I'd have to assume he's first in line for a callup if a winger gets injured/traded.
grr!!
"I'll raise your wasp/hippo with a wasp/cheetah, that thing would be fast, fly, and be crazy scary"
"This is interesting! To clarify, by ""east coast"" I mean a 6 count rock step , step, step."
"So liking sexy women, enjoying strippers and asking a woman out=sexist?

Once again, flip the genders. I know women who are the female equivalent of Chris Gayle and everyone just takes them with a grain of salt and laughs and rolls their eyes. The female reporter who flirted and cracked onto the athlete at the beach last year was called brave. 

Just because a woman is the ""victim"" of awkward rudeness doesn't make it sexist. It's still only awkward rudeness.

Mel is a grown woman, she can and has dealt with it herself. She thought it was rude, she conveyed that and she remains a solid professional. There are way too many little white knights around. I think what you guys are carrying on about is patronising towards women. "
The reboot for Tomb Raider that came out in 2013. So bad ass!
"Per the release, ""The agreement runs through the 2021 season and Wilson will earn an average annual compensation of $2.55 million or $15.3 million over six years. No other coach in the Big Ten has more seasons on his contract and only one (Jim Harbaugh) has as many.""
"
'Casual' is the new 'janky'
"https://www.reddit.com/r/republicans/ mod

The funny part is I was once a mod here."
"This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top."
"FWIW, all three Abrahamic religions have historically treated women poorly to varying degrees, and some of the more conservative sects continue to this day."
"you clearly missed my original point.  I asked if he became legendary due to what happened yesterday, since the thread was just created after a wildcard win.  You would think he would be legendary or not from his previous wins, not after some wildcard win."
"I noticed, I've been walking around a few times, but I think timezones cause emptiness :p 

I assume coords will be posted on /r/civhaven ?"
"I actually just happened on them at my local t&amp;t today!!! 

It was a box of 5 for about $13, or the gift box sets 12 for $24!!!
I also got a box of sister diary for about 13$ so that's another win!
"
"I'm at an appointment right now, so maybe later?"
Pretty sure weed is decrimalized in Flint
"Here you go! http://i.imgur.com/ZhfRBpt.jpg "
"bats were cold the entire year until the last 2 months. Oswalt/Clemens/Pettite carried us that year "
There can be only one.... Highlander.
"I like you, too."
Hey it sucks too though because in 2016 being an E-thug or looking at situation in more of a negative than positive has become more and more of a making in our society. But yeah when another fan from a team talks a bit too much trash now I just try too look at it as passion more than anything else.
"Long time dota player. Long time with clinical depression. At first I used to use dota as an escape. I still do, but I used to too."
"If you plan to shoplift, let us know."
"Missile = Lock-on high speed &amp; manoeuvrability but less damaging than torpedoes.


Torpedoes = Dumb fired, Unguided (-OR- Can also be lock-on, but lock on is very slow) low manoeuvrability, high speed. Extremely destructive and much more powerful than missiles.
(CR wants torpedoes to work this way apparently)"
"It's a good point but since movies 1-3 are made to fit into the orginal triology the story comes along very naturally if you begin your marathon from the Phantom Menace. It seems more comfortable to grip the backstory before you watch the ""real"" story rather than the other way around. "
"Paraphrasing: [""I think a lot of people view the $600 as a phone that will be outdated in a few years, rather it should be viewed as an investment (of which it is for VR) that will last years to come.""](https://youtu.be/93YkuI642Zg?t=164)"
"I understand how much further ahead their scene is, but I wasn't sure if the players were getting paid accordingly..."
"How? I've managed to toss them onto and under vehicles, but they remained unscathed. "
How long and how cold was the hike up to that mountain in Poland?  Sorry if I missed it.   I'm looking up the altitude too.
[removed]
"Don't talk too much, and especially don't share stories about how the material relates to something in your own life or experience. The moment you ask a question with a preamble, every eye in that room under 25 will start rolling furiously. I've never been the old guy, but I have been the young guy who wants to punch some old asshole in the face as he treats the lecture class like an AA meeting."
Is it just me or does Oslow sounds like John Henry Eden?
"I don't, sorry. This is as much as I have [Google Fi](https://fi.google.com/about/network/)"
http://www.bbc.com/news
"It has very strong anti-bacterial properties, bacteria on copper surfaces will die very quickly, even superbugs like MRSA. "
how close would you say the singularity is?
there's 24 boobs in this picture
"If every morning at your place employment where you manufacture weapons you walked over hundreds of dead bodies littering the very floors they are chained to as slaves and beaten would you really say, ""not my problem""?

Would you be unable to recognize you are a part of the machine producing this suffering?

Von Braun made weapons for the Nazis using a slave labor system designed to **exterminate** people. He was the pinnacle of Nazi weapons science and the throne he sat upon rested on a mountain of murdered corpses."
Yes but I wouldn't recommend that one. That's a little pricy and I was able to get a Samsung brand one for about $25 from best buy that worked flawlessly. It also had a spot on it so you could charge your phone while connected to tv
CJPH
That sounds perfect! Would you be willing to explain things to my brother? It's his first time through and I'm an absolutely terrible teacher
How bout you take that vitriole and put it towards becoming a 500 team?
Just a bit harsh. Talk about kicking someone whilst their down. Who knows whats gonna happen when curry goes. U could be back down the bottom
That's fucked up
"Thanks for your reply, I really enjoy my daily protein shake and haven't noticed any adverse effects at this point in time.  Does anybody know what I should look out for?"
"not at all, she probably didn't GAF. She's got a line around the block. My point."
"Youve told me no facts. Just that Bernie would have higher taxes


Dumbass thats what we are ok with. Paying a little more and getting universal healthcare and tuiton free schools is what we want"
You still are missing the point. There is no benefit in PvM of healing to 121 because no boss is going to hit you for 121 health. Its just the different of staying @ 121 health vs being @ 99 with 1 extra food in their inventory. ANGLER FISH DO NOT STACK.
Honest question... Why does Europe (and Russia for that matter) need their own gps?
You got a Fleshlight for Christmas?
"Hey, thanks for doing this. I'd definitely like it."
Fuzzy bunny milk monkey
"real talk.

id be like ""aww, bless your sweet heart, m'am"" with big smile.


as if im speaking to someone's grandma. "
"Download the new version of my pack [here](https://mega.nz/#!ndcDGRrL!sPkzC0RHsHUM-2JiuDmI6-2lpG1rEWZR64MynPvDWIQ). This fixed my issue dumping my copy of OoT3D, hopefully it'll fix your issue. :)"
"Thanks for the reply. :) Previous owner was a lease and like I said I assume all city driving in NYC. Carfax has a complete  service history. Hopefully there's nothing fishy like an odometer rollback or anything. How easy is that to do anyways?

Actually driving to work on my normal route, definitely more conservatively than I was in my Civic, I'm sometimes getting closer to 50mpg going about 70-80. It's mainly any complete stops that seems to kill me, but I assume because I'm not accelerating super slowly that is to be expected.

Looking around for a replacement headunit with nav built in, I'm seeing close to $1000.  I could install myself to save labor, but I'm having a hard time swallowing that this will be worth the price for Bluetooth streaming (and I think phone book sync is the other big thing I'd use)"
"I guess I'm still interested in seeing even an article that backs it up. So far it's mostly just ""my _____ did"" etc. But the link about Uber leasing plan was pretty enlightening.

I do think that, if someone thinks that driving Uber will pay for their new car, they're just making poor decisions and would probably find a different way to make that same poor decision."
"Wait, the red bars are to show range?? How do they work tell me pls! "
"Ahhh okay I might have mistaken you for another user.  I think it is just weird luck that it happened.  "
[deleted]
Here you go: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIPShRR8ORw
The one with Bojack Horseman?
"Would they really just dump the most productive car factory in Europe? Much of their cars made there aren't sold in Europe too. A  lot of them go back to Japan. So it would be about the UK's relationship with Japan impacting them more than that with the EU.

 Nissan threaten to leave all the time, including when the UK didn't join the Euro, but it's still there."
"I've already tried that one. It seems like the plug isn't rotating past 90 deg either way. "
"I dunno, I didn't see any Bulk and Skull. Not really Power Rangers without the two most important characters."
"You said you wanted stuff in a couple months tell me if you fuck w it!
https://soundcloud.com/dillod/reversal-prod-jordan-garrett-themb-jemas
"
"It was, I fanny rustled a couple people in /r/wtf and /r/SweatyPalms so thy're downvoting my shiz."
"Male,  
I wish I could do both  
Yes  
15, i think...  
meh"
"&gt; go read ft.com for a few days

My bet is that he's off to salon.com or worldstarhiphop.com. "
"My fiance has two maids of honor, so it wouldn't be too weird as far as wedding format goes. I'll definitely consider this. "
"I think it's main draw is that it's widely available and often considered a step up over many brands of canned shave gel. Also I've used it to add a bit of slickness to cheaper soaps and found that it helps elevate a budget brand for travel or in a pinch, but as with pretty much everything related to wet shaving, YMMV "
Rip
"You didn't answer my question. Do you think you have had it more difficult than the girl in the video?  

What hardships have you faced? "
All of their experiments use the scientific method. It's literally in writing in every case study
I think the short one is cute as hell but maybe thats just me
"No, because it does not benefit them, they fight for other things that DO benefit them AFTER their efforts turned out to be fruitless. Their official stance is still an equal draft. Who is stopping the equal draft right now? Not feminists. See my points about housework and taxes, which you *still* haven't reacted to.
  
I will say that there are a number of feminists with a disgusting attitude towards mensrights, but a greater number say ""It's okay for men to be depressed/cry/be ""feminine"". If society adopted that stance, I'm sure there would less male suicides. 
  
However, you are right that feminism approaches equality from a female perspective, and some people do disagree with that. "
"Louisiana you just include it in your LA taxable income, there's no additional tax or penalty.

You can request an [Installment Agreement by filing form R-19026](http://revenue.louisiana.gov/TaxForms/19026\(8_15\)F.pdf) (pdf) or calling their office at (225) 219-0102"
Game: I want to fuck you as well :/
[deleted]
[deleted]
MMA is like any other league. A copy cat league. Cruz figured out the importance of footwork long before dillashaw. Along with other variables that's one reason why I'm picking Cruz. He's far more crafty than 🐍
"Do you mind saying what colors you put were for each look? I have this palette but have been struggling to make looks. "
"Not really long in week morning, I don't watch the time but I assume it's less than 5 mn.  
Since I enjoy meditation I have longer sessions during week-ends or in evenings."
"Nope, Neith Thor and Sun Wukong were defending Order side of the map from the invaders.  Order is the Elysian Uprising, while Chaos is the Old Order.

Old Order wants to bring destruction and torture and force the humans to obey through intimidation, and the Elysian Uprising wants to bring worshipers through love.

Though with the new comic these two factions might have been retconned so who really knows at this point."
"mate if you can write down the plot of looper on a beer mat in a student union you should really be in show business "
The video is in 60 fps but yes it's really smooth
"what was great about the second one was that it personalized it.

For it to change, truly, it will take waves of him meeting people like the second poster who tell them why it hurt them, and him not responding the way he did to jontron back in the day."
does it really ? because you had a clear day against ryan mallet who had 9 days in the ravens system and lost to their team of practice squad players....
"When my sisters and I were aged 7-10 we were running the entire house (did all the laundry, dishes, made dinner, mowed the lawn) and were at the top of our class in school. So while yes I remember teenage angst &amp; hormones, I didn't take the time to say ""woe is me"", I got my shit taken care of. "
"Brazil.

Brotip: ^^don't ^^visit ^^it"
HEY GUYS WE NEED SOME BOOBS OVER HERE QUICK! GUYS! GUYS?
[removed]
"I taste myself before someone goes down on me just because I'm always worried that it will taste bad for them and I've found that it does change. A lot for me depends on hydration. If I didn't drink enough water that day, I am very acidic and strong flavored."
"&gt;You have to admit it's kind of eerie how many biblical prophecies are coming true.

No biblical prophecies have come true.

Isn't it interesting, however, how many Hindu and Muslim prophecies have come true?

No? Because those are worded too vaguely and can be interpreted in so many ways that we can't actually say that have anything to do with that has happened? In fact, it's so very tenuous that the idea is ludicrous?

Yeah, just like the 'biblical prophecies.'
"
"Couldn't afford an m3, so I got a car that would be a panty dropper, but forgot I have a neckbeard and live in my parents basement."
http://imgur.com/a/yCUXq
Remember when a conspiracy theorist was a guy who drove an RV out to Area 51 to look for Bigfoot and smoke weed? :(
Procrastination. I'm doing it right now.
I'm new here so I don't really know what the big deal is with them? They like to backcheck a lot and let their AI do all the work for them. But other than that I've never had a problem.
"Thought about a quarter of those were really tight, but the rest weren't really my style
"
You assumed they knew what humor was.
Yet.
[deleted]
"&gt; Yeah, I was wondering if I should give it 24 hours or not. How long ago did you complete the offer, mouseofthehouse?

"
"He wasn't like black out drunk. He wasn't even I can't take care of myself, drunk. Just drunk enough that based on previous drinking experiences with him, I knew he wasn't going to finish. He had maybe 5 drinks that night. He definitely consented. Verbally. "
SOLIDLY parked.
"I think they are both good but I love my Uwell Crown tank. It's true it takes a bit longer to prime but no big deal, you drip a few drops around the top, not down the middle or you'll get spit back, let it soak in drip around the top again and drip in the small side holes a few times around then fill tank and let it sit for 15-20 minutes. I think what people are doing is as soon as they fire it up they start at like 40W instead of starting to vape it at 20W then slowly work your way up so you don't burn the coil and it also lets the juice warm up and soak in the cotton a bit more. Other than that, no leaks, easy top fill, awesome flavor and big air hole adjustments if you like those airy pulls."
"It it a shitpost haven but you don't realize that's the point and the best thing this sub has done is keep these people busy somewhere away from the rest of reddit. "
"It's pretty shocking to me that there has been so little discussion about the appropriateness of giving the media this kind of express authority to directly influence a Presidential election. I guess because it would require the media to question their own credibility and objectivity, which would expose a lot of ugly truths about our mainstream news outlets. "
"Post-hypnotic suggestion is basically a shutdown code.

And trust me, we breakdown ALL the time. If we didn't, the medical industry would be fucked."
"Good.  They should also fine them for using Bait and Switch tactics with their fares.  They did this with me a couple weeks ago.  So I decided to fly with a different airline instead.  Screw United.
"
"There's no proof 10.4 will be released tonight, anyway see my other comment there :)"
Dozens? That's news!
They're not even finding good players for their main rosters and you want them to have secondary ones? Lol
"Thoughts on Draisailt? Yahoo has everyone dropping him, cold streak or regression to his norm? Should I drop him for a streaming place? I was going to pick up Horvat from free agency. (Also posted this in the daily thread but I value op's opinion!) "
Really well said.
This is amazing!  thank you for sharing :D
"If the goddamn WWE Hall of Fame can admit that Sting is a legend, why can't the Observer?"
"Some people use breadboards to combat wood movement. You just let it levitate. I dig it. "
"Coming from Elon Musk, this is pretty substantial news!"
H-huh
Repost is one hellua drug
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Zarb-e-Azb
"Yeah I feel ya as it has been many years since I watched episode 1 and quite frankly doubt I will watch it again. "
"So happy for him. "
WHAT A PLAY BY KAPANEN!
"If I had gone this weekend we could have been marpat buddies... "
45 shipped
"Yeah, I had a car in college but wasn't about to pay the $800 a semester to be assigned a parking lot somewhere probably useless and have to move my car on game days anyway.

Shit was bullshit."
Did you replace the blown fuse with a proper fuse?
"nice, will do!"
I would put money on him being back.
"This is the reason the test should have been excluded. It was done overly quickly, there were not specifics on the nature and validity of the test, and the test itself was no longer relied upon by the FBI.

Judge Willis is as guilty of railroading Avery as any of the prosecutors."
"Haha, no.  He's a good enough guy I could call him that and he wouldn't care."
"Funny thing is: I watched a show where they followed 50 people for a month who were using Lumosity and it conclusively showed that it didn't work. Not sure why we need to FTC to fine anyone. Anyone who did any research would have found that it was a joke. 

Also, almost every person lies about something to get ahead: should they all be sued for lying?"
"""What does inconsistent mean"" You make Steve Avery's nephew look like a fucking scholar. "
It was pretty expensive for 100lbs of it. It only comes in 5lb bags. Shipping might cost a lot. Recommend you look for it locally.
I just watch the next one in the particular show that I haven't seen yet.
"But you probably have boyfriend points. Boyfriend points are awarded for every time you do some awesome boyfriend shit. (Ex: had a bf who did all the heavy lifting when I moved without being asked and without complaints. He was just there for me. He got a gazillion boyfriend points. ) These points are redeemable for loads of things. (Baked goods, back rubs, belly rubs) but you also get tons of bragging rights. You can also rack up enough to get into the boyfriend hall of fame. 

And, you'll inspire your girlfriend to be better, both for you and to you. 

Plus, good boyfriends make vaginas happy. Every time a girl is reminded of how awesome you are,  she'll want some sexing. "
"Best counterargument I've seen on this subreddit, hands down."
"&gt; its his shitk to awkwardly flirt with reporters

Sit his ass down to watch videotapes of George Clooney doing it *right*."
/r/Captain_Club
"good point, truth be told most animal themed superheroes are just the same generic abilities with a different filter added, take wolverine for instance, he's strong and short(also canadian) that's why he's ""wolverine"",don't think too hard on it, and the totem thing is kinda and excuse to change up the canon and do things like spider-verse(which still doesn't need totems, just the pre-existing multi-verse!)"
"Nope. Took the police over half an hour to get to the scene.  When I described the tractor trailer, the cop didn't seem to care at all. I followed up but I don't think they ever made any effort to catch the guy.

It happened in pretty heavy traffic, so either none of the 50 cars who watched it happen bothered to call in the license plate, or the cops didn't care. I'm not sure which I'd prefer to believe."
"i thought whipped meant like you're sincerely devoted to your SO, i don't know why people use it with negative connotation, if anything that's a good thing?
"
"One thousand man rape gangs are not large scale already? It's surprising, while simultaneously not surprising that there isn't massive outrage about this. 

Is it just a case of media censorship? If that's the case I can believe it, as most people probably get their news from one source. "
"Most of the info should be in the screenfetch, wallpaper is located here: http://puscifer91.deviantart.com/art/Reflection-Wallpaper-4K-500312208

Feel free to ask any further questions"
"Genuinely awful human being, will probably cry a lot and talk about his nan even though he'd shove her down the stairs if it meant winning."
"Why would him screwing up the run cause them to stop the timer?
Like, if they are waiting for him to look at a map of how to legitimately get through the game that's BS."
People lace benzos with fentanyl? Sounds pretty damn irresponsible
"Call it...a hunch, ba dum tssss"
The part where he drags his head on the floor is cracking me up
"What's your favorite show tune? "
Is it the same for radish farmer int goku?
Yea I tried to explain it too but they are just so stupid and there is so many of them lol
time to build a lavapump
ye i've downloaded it but it wont work
"If Johnny Manziel starts *and* succeeds for the Dallas Cowboys, my Facebook feed will be completely unbearable. "
hahaha what the hell?  I didn't even know that you could still do that!  Is it possible to do that on an iPhone?
Nice comment. Can someone tell me how to comment normally? Is it the save button? Right now I only figured out how to reply to other people's comments. Lol I'm new to reddit.
"Middlebury College is usually considered the premier school for degrees relating to foreign languages. "
".01 Flip sapphire + keys for ST flip sapphire? Added to talk, I'm Xolotl"
What good ways do we have to exile this from our own deck or hand in standard? Just curious because the wincon seems pretty hilarious to Exodia people with.
"Karambit Slaughter FN? Half heart PS, angel BS: http://i.imgur.com/qNz30MT.png"
I think you won that one :)
It's not the MLS CBA...http://ussoccerplayers.com/usnstpa-faq
I hate when people do this. I got a kill so I am going to stand still and not do anything
[deleted]
No. Ascended equipment was already part of the base game.
[deleted]
"If you want to play that game, the Chiefs gifted you 5 turnovers in our first game that you were extremely lucky to win.  As for the ""garbage time"" TD, that was with 11:10 left in the game.  If you're calling those garbage time, Denver's only points of the game were in garbage time after that TD."
I own a Wii U and my roommate (a PC gamer) still thinks it's just a Wii.
"Kapanen you did it! "
Please do!
"Baked goods.  Always welcome.  Hopefully you don't discover he's diabetic. "
"Russia are always an awesome team - this year showed more than ever that they can be successful by working as a team and not by relying on individuals.  Truly awesome game and Russia and its fans should hold their heads high. Don't pay attention to the hate.  GG. "
[removed]
Nah thats just Stoke
Oof. Sorry bud. I've got nothing for you.
And yet we are still getting poorly optimized games or delayed release dates on PC. Why???
UBlock Origin.
"CostCo, in my own personal experience has fantastic customer service.

I haven't tried this, but I've heard if you buy a food and you don't like it, they'll let you return it with no hassle."
"I would much prefer the timing countdown, but since on console I don't know how they would manage it.. I hope they do something before the beta begins."
A membership from American Marketing Association might help.
Cybernetic implants
What if we put the element on Valve Time?
"That look of ""I know I did something wrong"" mixed with ""and i'm immediately feeling the consequences"" "
"Fucking east coasters always bitching about start times "
Why do you u say that?
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Because in 06 what he does was new. Now, it's ancient"
"Like I said it's all good man.  We can agree to disagree.  I see their ""collisions in the world arena"" as Hegelian theater to keep us entertained and distracted when really the ""elite"" all over the world are working together at the end of the day.

They may disagree on certain things, but not as much as they agree to collude and rule over the rest of us.  Again, only my opinion."
"The best, current, live band is without a doubt Turnstile. "
source http://jackalopejess.tumblr.com/post/136149734919/draw-nom-nom-beating-up-his-bodyguards-because
Russian isn't a race.
[deleted]
"I wish they didn't have so much inbreeding in captivity, I'd love one of these guys."
"Have you ever just tried to go outside walk and then start running, as fast as you can, until you can't go anymore, I always do that and when I get home or go work or start something it makes me feel good, when the adrenaline fades you realize you want to do a lot of stuff. "
"
&gt;Its not your fault.. I just think its hugely ironic that people that allegedly demean the other side of the political spectrum for human rights/gender equality/ect are seemingly caving in to some very vile stuff in the name of certain types of conformity.

It's the extreme end of the other side. You will have the far right blaming all blacks/muslims etc for all the problems. Because of that, there is an equal, and opposite reaction. People will pretend the problem doesn't even exist. To acknowledge it exists means the right (in their minds) has won a battle. In reality, both positions are wrong because they are extreme. 


The position with unchecked and mass immigration should be that you acknowledge cultural and behavioural differences exist, and let people decide if they should risk being exposed to it. If people agree to the risk involved, it is their own choice.

Why some people ignore these situation is beyond comprehension. The same people that scream and kick and make huge noises about the patriarchy, rape culture and other such things are now silent on the matter. All the things they strongly and vehemently opposed to now don't even register. "
"That's pretty much where I was at, with secondary concern for Green Eyes, and a vague hope that Maggie wouldn't be too badly fucked over because I enjoyed reading her.

I was also kind of rooting for Blake, because protagonist, but his self-destructive tendencies made it hard to feel too bad when he inevitably got himself into trouble over and over again."
"The Tree emerges from its cocoon a beautiful telephone pole. "
Horse cum.
"already close to ESC, the same hand you will be using anyway to panic. what no key bored skills ? this is 2016.. just say you don't want to do it.. "
Happy Caekdey AutoModerator!!
Dorky mask and gloves kill the coolness of the whole thing.
That almost makes it sound as though he's dead.
"Se não forem esses, serão outros. Quando fiz contrato com a galp, comecei logo a receber chamadas dos vários ISPs dizendo que souberam que nos tínhamos mudado e ainda não tínhamos contrato com nenhuma operadora. Pode ser coincidência mas mais nenhuma empresa sabia que nos tínhamos acabado de mudar. Ou isso ou a senhoria faz negócio à vender os dados dos inquilinos. De qualquer modo nunca estás safo. "
"New Zealand's iconic pohutukawa trees have started to flower, the annual sign that summer is here and Christmas is just around the corner.
Mt Maunganui beach is lined with pohutukawa that are in full bloom looking down on crowds of sunbathers.
During summer, the ""New Zealand Christmas tree"" is covered with clusters of dark crimson flowers as hardworking bees collect nectar.
Professor Paula Jameson, head of the University of Canterbury's School of Biological Sciences, says the flowers are right on time.
""They start about mid-November and have stopped flowering by Christmas and New Year."""
"How old is the computer ? Is there Anything wrong with it internally ? "
love it
"Teams can still volunteer any time.  They just aren't forced to volunteer if they have a new head coach, made the playoffs in at least one of the last two playoffs, or been featured the past 10 years.

I think with a new stadium, an up and coming young team, a charismatic coach, and a great setup at Mankato they should consider it (well, those and the fact that I really want it to happen).  I'd love to see the players on that show"
[Really quick sketch of Ben Franklin Bridge](http://veggiefish-cz.deviantart.com/art/Sketch-Daily-Ben-Franklin-Bridge-quick-sketch-582615165)
Except in the IJN line when going from Kawachi to Myoko. God I hated that piece of junk...
"Good questions!

Each table is independent and yields one or more separate ""aggregate"" result. An earlier architecture had all of the data tables stored locally, and all ~16 CPUs on that machine would have at it. This didn't scale; we get more benefit from using 1000 CPUs than we do by having the data stored locally. Furthermore, those 3000 tables are one data set, and our servers have several thousand data sets. (Part 3 of the blog post will talk about NFS mounts, which is a beta service from AWS and a third-party service from Google if you don't host it yourself.)

We do cache the data tables locally on the worker nodes, so we only have to move the data occasionally, not every time an analysis is requested (which can be every few seconds!). The 80% figure is from the naive approach (no caching), but storage performance matters for getting the data into the cache quickly.

Finally, at one point we were using AWS Lambda instead of dedicated worker nodes. Accessing S3 from Lambda is easy. Accessing anything else is harder, both in terms of implementation and maintenance of the storage service.

(Yes, 150 GB isn't ""big data"" :) but we aim to process it faster than any other application I'm aware of.)"
"Give both a shot and see what works. The darkened portion in my experience works, but you have to make it really effing dark in order for it not to look like cataracts."
"this is simply a way for them to have more time to boost there nukes back up after we knocked them down. Don't be fooled boss, there are spies everywhere. There is no logical reason you wouldn't disarm immediately "
"Are you asking in terms of actual player skill or just two people you'd like to see play together?

If the former, then you're trolling

if the latter, then i wanna see hax$ s2j double falcon one day"
"That's all she does... "
"695 157

Christmas is over, so that mistletoe isn't relevant anymore 

Fine, lol I had to do 20 pushups and 10 pullups to get an A from my PE final 

Also 

&gt; your username looks naked

I see what you did there"
"Use ""ublock origin"" instead."
"What the heck are you talking about? The only tool OP can use is Cydia Impactor which you can get at http://apt.saurik.com/beta/cy-impactor/  
  
It is in beta and has been hit or miss with some users."
"Wolves don't kneed a couple of vets for a culture boost they have KG, Prince (Tayshaun and regular), and Andre Miller.  Horrific trade for them.  Like people in Minny would riot and set fire to Drummond's shoulder hair."
"Clearly being put on a side of an argument in debate club means you are the textbook example of that side of the argument and we should take everything said as your personal view.

Also if someone voices any kind of rebuttal, you clearly got rekt."
nice.. what about 12 street ?.. surely that must mean something too
than getting robbed
"I don't think 'life' is a quantity you have to optimise by calculating how much of it comes out of a certain operation. In my opinion, that's not a Christian view at all. 

Besides that, I am not «pro foetus» in the sense that I only care about unborn children; I think there needs to be more care for pregnant women, families, etc. in the world. I'm not in the U.S., so I can't really speak as to the state of things there, but I also think it's a fallacy to say that if one is against abortion, one has to be completely pro-any type of welfare."
"&gt;The same IFA that insists on using a Northern Irish flag in the Ulster Banner?? And the British national anthem?? 

Fixed those for you Mr Limerick.

Yes, it may be earth shattering news to our 'friends' in the south that we use both Irish and British symbols in our national team. I don't pretend that a supporter of a de facto nationalist team would understand though.

&gt;The same IFA that forced Derry City - a team in a nationalist city with nationalist support

Derry City had mixed support back in it's Irish League days actually. And it was the Irish League, ie other clubs, who were unwilling to travel to the Brandywell only a few weeks after the ending of the no go zone in the city. Maybe you'd have bigger balls in 1972, and you'll tell us all how brave you'd be, a proud nationalist from Free Limerick.

No one in NI beyond the wildest republican bigots (I'm sure someone of you here can fill the void) seriously consider the IFA anything other than a cross community organisation.

Oh, and care to explain the actions of your CEO while your in that glass house of yours?"
"I can't tell how much of this guy is really him and how much is made up by the show producers to make him look like an autistic manchild, because ""gamers be like this"""
"Oh, you're right, I didn't think of that. No, the running for mayor one has Marge serving him Blinky the three eyed fish for dinner."
[removed]
Speculation for valentine's REM? My gay ass would whale so hard for a pink odin.
"They look sick , best pattern for the AK , out of all the skins.


and the price is rapidly rising (because they are rare , and the cases are getting more expensive each day) 


++++ They all want to buy low , and sell high.




got my #2 FT for 120 keys. 2 months later the price is almost at 150keys
"
Alright I'll hold on for a bit then. Thanks again. :-*
"Gisado? Canata? Jyp? Park sang hyun? Most likely gisado... hopefully gisado "
"How does it work. Eventually decisions like this will have to be made by fully autonomous self driving cars. "
Create your own rally event here: https://go.berniesanders.com/page/event/create
"Some people seem to be confused in this thread. If you infuse an item, the style IS UNLOCKED! The issue is that it doesn't have the ""infused green"" quality, making it an issue when buying/selling on the market if you don't know how to work the market functions properly.

Edit: Note that a LOT of particles won't work in demo, try it out in a private lobby/real game!"
"Whoops, manual.  I just joined SCCA so I'll be shooting for lower when I talk to them."
"Psn: ahkeem905
Got 2 here. "
Just get high dude
No prob enjoy. :)
"&gt;  I really hope you are able to make it through

I agree with almost everything you said, but I think you were in a special situation as you had people to guide you through the language. However in my opinion to really ""make it through"" in self study, you shouldn't exactly be aiming to ""make it through"". Don't worry about it; just immerse yourself in the environment and enjoy it, the fluency will come slowly and naturally.

OP, if you would like some perspective I began learning Chinese in January last year. I took a class for a couple of months which mainly went over pronunciation and very simple vocab, then I spent about another 3 months listening/reading/writing by myself. About 4 months ago I ""came out of the cocoon"" and started speaking to language partners on Skype. After studying on average 2 hours per day for a year, by now my Chinese is good enough for talking about basic day-to-day life stuff fairly comfortably with people who can speak slowly to me.

I would recommend definitely to get some native speakers to speak to from the beginning. It's important if you don't have a teacher to have a native ear who can help you with your pronunciation. Don't expect to have much dialogue until at least a couple of months in, though. Good luck!"
"*He smiles at you and raises an eyebrow.*

""Feeling a bit tired there Sarah?"""
"Between this and the space invaders bit I saw on the news, I'm convinced the mummers just caught up to 1990's nerd culture. That or they pegged it as the overarching thing to parody this year."
"The word is cute, not kawaii. You know English, you're in a thread that's in English, speak fucking English."
"[BronzeBasterd wrote on 2016-01-01 UTC](http://boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/gameplay-balance/WNgFHEUL-new-draven-axe-catching-vfxdesign-suggestionsconcerns-soul-reavergladiatorpbe-524):

 **New Draven Axe Catching VFX/Design suggestions/concerns [SOUL REAVER][GLADIATOR][PBE 5.24]**

&gt;Hello fellow Summoners,  
&gt;  
&gt;I would like to open up a discussion regarding the changes to Draven's Q animation changes on PBE 5.24 . While I am very exicted by this news and the direction Riot has taken makes me very happy, I have concerns having seen the design. Soul Reaver is my favorite skin in the game, and with more played games on Draven than any other champion, I have come to love Draven's concepting and character design immensely.  
&gt;  
&gt;Which is why I made this post, to discuss what could be better done on the implementation of such an important new change.  
&gt;  
&gt;Suggestions:  
&gt;  
&gt;1. More closely follow the color schemes for each of the skins, in particular Soul Reaver. The glowing silvery pattern has no link to the blue color scheme of the skin and seems off.  
&gt;2.  The 3d ish effect is nice but seems overdone, and is slightly distracting. As Draven you want to see where you need to catch axes, but you dont want the axe animation to be too flashy since you see a lot of it and it can be a distraction. I feel where the axe is going more than i look for it.  
&gt;3. The area of the design should accurately reflect where the axe can be caught, for when precision is required.  
&gt;  
&gt;[Here is my attempt at a what i think would be a good direction for the design of the Soul Reaver VFX should look like](https://i.imgur.com/cct2KYM.jpg)  
&gt;  
&gt;Thank you for your time in bringing this to the attention of those whom it concerns,  
&gt;  
&gt;Sincerely, Mr. Draven Fan.

*****

 ^This ^comment ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^Find ^out ^more ^[here](https://www.reddit.com/r/sufficiencybot/comments/3bnxfc/riotsboardmessageincommentbot/).  
"
"Me, because my interests are different from the rest of the family"
"And then learn SEO, how to submit Google product feeds, PPC, CPA, LTV etc. Because shopify websites do not have any traffic to start with. I'm sure those unbanked sellers in developing countries will figure that out and then get rich with shopify!"
"A pretty good show. I was disappointed with the mysteries at first, but warmed up to the idea of solving small mysteries from the past. Mysteries that often reveal some great feels from people who have long left us. The best mysteries for me were the mini-mystery of Shoutarou's gran's taste for pudding and mystery with the baby's bones to be pretty heartfelt. Mysteries like this seem trivial, but the show made them pay off emotionally, at least for me. 

Bad mystery show, good feelz show. 

If you want mystery:  1/10
If you want feels 7.5/10. "
[NYD](http://youtu.be/adYvjIZ4HHE)
And he would be just as awful as this shit.
"You got down voted for stating a fact. 

This also is a fact, and I shall assume the ""prepare for downvotes"" position. "
"I like that song, but I agree that having the Dropkick Murphys would have been 1000x cooler and more fitting "
This just makes me even more salt that we did make the playoffs
No problem! Always happy to help!
/u/RR4YNN is a funny human
"Seems like more of a 5/6 chance for me, lol. I lose my blessings of the first upkeep more often than not. "
[Chart](http://imgur.com/JkD4TO5.jpg)
"I'd recommend the r9 390 for 144Hz really.

This guys powerbill would be high as shit while just browsing the web with this build.

[Recommend reading this.](http://www.pcper.com/news/Graphics-Cards/Testing-GPU-Power-Draw-Increased-Refresh-Rates-using-ASUS-PG279Q)"
"Don't worry you made sense, and thanks for the input.

Well when I say I'm bored of Mines of Phandelver, I've watched like 3 runs of it (yes I'd consider 3 as 'many' :p). So I'm not completely burnt out, but I wouldn't be like :D playing LMOP next week :D it would be more like eurgh, Mines of Phandelver -.- atleast I get to DM... 

So the dilemma was that to be a good DM I'd imagine you'd have to be excited, and if like 80% of people said Mines of Phandelver then I'd be like oh well I'll just dive right in and change it as much as I can.

The idea of having the world of every expansion be in your own world sounds interesting, but I know further down the line I'd want to change it. But because it's a good idea, I may consider all of the expansions as a 'tutorial', so by the time I've finished all of the expansions I'll be totally confident, and if I want to scrap the world I'd built from then, I can.

Thanks :)"
"Canadian light speed is so fast it gets you there several hours after you hoped to arrive. You went so fast you went all the way around the cyclical construct that is time itself and wound up ahead of yourself. That's darn fast, there."
"Well, except the square itself. Which was clearly explained poorly by me."
"The end. "
It's her favorite shop
"Most likely they would have similar maintenance as airplanes and I'm sure the shuttles did. Very through inspection before and after each launch. Designation of of life times for specific high stress parts and so on. 

I would imagine that the ""life cycle"" pertains to the amount of time and money it would take to fix/replace specific high cost and hard to replace parts in the engine/structure of the rocket.  Opposed to just running the rocket for as many cycles as it takes for the first minor part flaw or fatigue. "
[removed]
"Direct subsidization picks winners and losers in an inefficient process.  By using an across the board carbon tax lots of people with lots of skillsets go looking for cheaper alternatives, the best solutions are often things that come out of left field unanticipated.

Personally, I think the best answer is probably a pass through carbon tax where the proceeds are used to purchase current best available technologies.  This leaves the market to develop solutions and guarantees immediate revenue for any successful developments.  Solyndra type grants pick the wrong horses and waste money.  "
My understanding was they are allowed to have a check point as long as it is told to the public in advance.  That's why typically they make announcements like this.
"You're dead wrong about the tuck rule. It was the best rules change in a while and completely necessary for the growth of Commander. "
Bosa will be a brown but Zeke is an NY Giant
"Which is why I think we need to go back to Undertale. Think about it. It's something that's been forgotten (not looking into) and it a place we have to go back to, to search again."
Wow okay sorry. So I guess its funny because 2016 just started. clapclap
"This post has been removed. Self-posts should not consist of only a link. Please repost this as a link post, or if it's self-post Friday, wait until tomorrow.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Music) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"I cant imagine anyone who knows the damage caused by collectivism over all if human history would actually think it was a good idea, but History is only half the equasion, Economics also strongly disagrees with Collectivism in all its forms. "
[deleted]
[MuShu - Never Forget](https://youtu.be/RbnIYW6kEnY)
"All dlc, better graphics"
"Always explore a cave bit by bit. Don't just head straight down, get a ton of loot and drown. Once you find a cave, get a fresh breath of air, return down to see how deep and long it is. Plan for how much air you'll need.

Also don't go outside your base in some of the deeper biomes or the sandbar biomes without a stasis rifle or other self-defense weapon."
"688,817"
"Sure thing, I just need to dip in to my Lamborghini account first. "
"[Hello Venus - Wiggle Wiggle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyOJ-_HfqBM)

[Crayon Pop - FM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tna90t2je-4)

[Wa$$up - Stupid Liar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3Hqv2x3WVw)

[Stephanie - Up Up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GMKKsUafCw)"
"&gt; they didn't have the foresight to realize they needed some sort of meta game to keep the community engaged

Something's going on. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/steamsaledetectives/"
"I'm not in court, I don't need to prove anything. That's how this works."
"Happy New Year!  So tell me what my arches &amp; I have missed over the past 2 weeks.  

Thanks for kindness with my last pic...my iPhone camera makes me so frustrated sometimes."
"Yes, that is absolutely a bug that has happened to me as well... And a very annoying one if you ask me...!"
"&gt; Encryption really takes care of ~~any~~ most issues though.

FTFY"
Anyone suddenly fancy a Nandos?
"It's not only in clan arena where it happens.  Also though I agree it's shitty to vote kick a new player who doesn't know, however the new players should learn to not just auto join a game like that.  

It may not be a game that ""matters"" but it's still annoying when it happens."
Now I have to after that offsides.
"Wish they did this earlier when they still had allu, see how things went :/"
"You know they would need to redesign alot of the dedicated server architecture if they did that, right? 

It was a design choice, and it's not changed in a matter of weeks. "
Get good at a class other than my main.
"Hm, have you tried track pants, a thin gold chain with a cross, a flat cap, and some polished dress shoes? "
"Not all of these stories are women. Probably a majority, but I think that's because women attach such importance to weddings and get jealous when friends get married first or someone's wedding is nicer than theirs. That's why you get so many snippy bridesmaids or sisters planning last-minute weddings in order to get married first."
Use a separate account strictly for app purchases then add it as a secondary account to all phones.   Been doing it for years.
"Uh oh! Someone's been drinking too many banana-and-kale smoothies! ;)

(I have no idea if buns drink smoothies, but I was trying to make a joke and it flopped.)"
"Anybody get the number of that Mack truck?

Yeah, Number MFin 9!"
"Uh, Titan is not Destiny. Bungie was developing Destiny, then Activision partnered with them to be the publisher of that title. 

Activision and Blizzard are two separate companies that are under a single roof. 

Activision has Call of Duty, Destiny, Skylanders, Guitar Hero, and more; Blizzard has Diablo, Heroes of Storm, World of Warcraft, Overwatch and more. 

Both are their own publishing entity. "
Never said he was the good guy but the show made you want to root for Walt.
"Wow, that sub has turned to shit.... and I'm little bitter."
"If you don't critize, you will be the next to disappear."
"I disagree. 

Neither had a shot at succeeding. "
[removed]
"http://start.csail.mit.edu/answer.php?query=what+is+10%5E100

wut"
Play Monreal or Dann? Palace defence has been strong but Arsenal are up against Newcastle??? Do need help
Insufficient Data
"Brolin was fucking great in that flick. I need to put it on my rewatch list. "
Has to be an ncaa record for most injuries.
"This could be a Bama-MSUesque beating if the defense is going to get shredded like this. Hopefully it's just a little bit of nerves. "
Tim Beck is why
Starting the new year with some classy language.
This.
[deleted]
He's aged.  It's only about 600 yards now.  After that it gets a bit blurry..
"I'm actually pretty bloody sick right now, and my buddy tried to give me shit last night for not coming to his party. I don't know enough ways to say ""Fuck you."""
"But the benefit is that you can use relational storage for relational data, JSON storage for stuff where relational storage makes no sense and enjoy the best of both worlds."
Started to upload some 1080p 60FPS videos of StarWars Battlefront!  Come check it out.  I will promise to make you laugh at some point.
https://www.hrw.org/report/2000/02/01/backgrounder-russian-fuel-air-explosives-vacuum-bombs
Fuck ok I'm going to play new Vegas now
"That zip has a lot of work to do "
"James harden "
I went to bed with a headache caused by an attack of anxiety.
they are near houston :/
So it's not racism/sexism unless it's successfully executed?
"&gt; Out in the world there isn't equal choice of images and words

This is crux of the issue for me. The world is not an equal distribution of images and words, it's not even close, images dominate our thinking. "
"Hahaha truuuu but i still have faith that they will come thru "
"Yeah from episode 1 when they fight Darth maul. "
The greater Cincinnati area is still larger than the greater Columbus area though
"I love me some Jake Coker.

I'm also reveling in all the surprise that Coker can actually throw the ball."
"In the time you spent typing that, you cudve googled that line"
"With everything that's happened this season I see OSU scoring 45+. Sucks it has to be against a broken ND instead of Bama. "
"&gt; Can I ask, How is this guy so well geared? What does he do to get so much HP/CP since you can't Q for BGs above 5 man

I don't know.  I don't play on any of the realms he currently plays on, I've never played with him, and I don't personally know him.

I certainly cannot answer your question.

**EDIT: I guess not knowing the answer to your question was the wrong thing to say. =\**"
"I dont know how to say this without coming across as a total ass but: she went into anesthesiology, what did she expect?

The ""thing that keeps her going"" should be her awesome paycheck, great hours, and ability to have a fulfilling family life.

She's in a ROAD sub-specialty - I'm very confused as to who her audience is"
There really isn't a reason to ward your own buff unless you are very behind and are trying and force a fight when they are in your jungle.
Friendly UNLESS in a hotspot like a Rad or Monument.
"This is pretty cool, would be a nice weekly Friday post "
FREE RENE
are you watching the sky cam?
Kannada translation is equally bad.
"It's  a pretty show even in its inferior TV release version so maybe if you want a nice looking CGI show, maybe you should. The plot isn't gelled together yet and it may or may not in the second season. I enjoyed it for what it was but I  definitely think it could be better."
I don't dispute that--the point was that a good showing today will probably save his job.
WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING?!
"For those who didn't read it, it's not all of them, it's only...


&gt; Netflix currently has episodes #748-#799

What a weird place to start..."
Simple Plan just shit all over that anthem...
"It's fine IIFYM--as long as it gives you energy and makes you feel adequately satiated, and you get protein and other nutrients at your other meals. But as others say, it might be good to get some protein and fat with breakfast--e.g. you could have your fruit with yogurt."
"To be fair there's no way you could have predicted gashing them on that first drive like we did, not on the ground. "
"Im the exact same except replace it with Cam...my heart would have so much joy in it if Cam Newton was our MVP

That said either of the two is fine...this talk is usually cut and dry but this year we have strong canidates "
"The MacGuffin is the map to Luke, not Luke himself. And yes there is a difference.   "
"Any trade involving real-world money or the exchange of items/cash outside of the standard Steam trading window should be treated with extra caution.  We strongly advise you to consult our guide on [trading real world money](http://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade/wiki/moneytrades) and/or message the moderators of /r/GlobalOffensiveTrade with any questions or concerns at the link provided below.  Please trade safely!

Note: this comment is for informational purposes only. It is not accusing you of being a scammer.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"just... ask your self if you need it, and if you dont, dont buy it?

have some self control, its not hard"
If someone can get me in contact with the owner of the site I would be happy to host and manage it!
Visiting New Zealand.
"Same reason poor rednecks vote republican, because they're woefully misinformed and completely misled.

The problem with democracy is that it relies on an informed electorate to function.  And if you misinform the electorate you can manipulate them for your own gain."
What 12 year old moments are you talking about? Or are you just making shit up?
"Yeah, I remember hearing about this, but couldn't remember the specifics. All I knew is that they couldn't use the harvest moon name so it wasn't technically a ""harvest moon"" game, but should have been. I know that there is a harvest moon game as well, but I hear it isn't as good, and isn't made by the same devs from the series."
"This is a really interesting hand, thanks for posting it.

Honestly I think you're being a little hard on yourself, IMO you played it ok and your analysis seems mostly good. Once SB cold calls the 3bet you're never folding pre, as you're getting a ridiculous price, especially factoring in CO who will usually call as well.

Flop is such a close spot, because you're getting a great price, but are often drawing thin. A fold would probably be best, and extremely disciplined, but calling can't be horrible here. IMO it's not a huge leak, since if BTN has any cbet bluffs in his continuing range you're golden.

After that the hand is standard. When turn checks through, you know neither has a made flush, and once the J hits the river you're beating pretty much every hand they played this way, since they don't check a set or better OTT.

EDIT: I ran the equity on it and on the flop, against a BTN range of QQ+ and AQ+ you're 60%. So flop is definitely a call, and you played the hand well"
[removed]
"I'd definitely appreciate hearing how this goes, thanks!"
"I would have expected less spotty service if that was the case but I am not sure. "
"sad but fuckin hilarious, let me guess they wanted to return it because it was obviously defective."
"dudeAZK430 17 m
I'll talk about literally anything to literally anyone. All my friends are hungover or asleep"
"This deserves more than an upvote. It is the ""right"" answer. It made a night and day difference in my finishing percentage of arm triangles, and everyone I've shown it to has made a point to say thanks because it helped them as well."
"As disappointing as our season was at times, it was great to end on a high note. I've never had that much fun at a football game before. LOTS OF LOUD NOISES"
"That sounds awesome. Good luck to you both and thanks for the advice. "
Vitor v. Rockhold
keep running at bosa lmfao
"And Boston gets a singing competition graduate.

At least he can sing."
[deleted]
"Probably J Cole aka a shit one ha... nah just playing, I don't think he's shit but for better or worse, he is probably what you'd get if you mixed the top 5 commonly cited GOAT MCs (Nas, Jigga, etc, etc) into one."
USA! USA! USA!
"Several idiots were firing guns into the air around the Sunrise/Norwegian area last night also, could definitely tell the difference between the guns and regular firecrackers."
"Actually that's incorrect, Swedes, Danes and Norwegians can not understand each other perfectly. They might be able to understand most of what the other person is saying, but by no means perfectly. They're not as close as, say, American English and British English. And even if you can understand most of what they're saying, you still aren't fluent in them if you can't *produce* the languages. You know, speak or write them. If you, as a Dane, can't speak or write in Swedish you aren't fluent in Swedish. "
The circlejerk never ceases to amaze me
Compared to the HE4s will I be seeing a longer vaping time at 80-100w with the 30Qs?
"Dick rider: spirit of vengeance "
"This happened against Missouri as well. First offensive possession for them was nasty, all over the field making us look so lost. From there on we adjusted (or just settled down) and it was lights out. That's not necessarily a prediction, but I do have confidence in our defense to make adjustments."
I like this thread.
"This submission to /r/asoiaf has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the following required spoiler tags: (No Spoilers), (Spoilers AGOT), (Spoilers ACOK), (Spoilers ASOS), (Spoilers AFFC), (Spoilers ADWD), (Spoilers TWOW), (Spoilers D&amp;E), (Spoilers RPPQ), (Spoilers Published), (Spoilers Written), (Spoilers Aired), (Spoilers WOIAF), (Spoilers All). 

**Please consider re-submitting this post with a proper spoiler tag in the title!** [For help on how to do this, please see here](http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/wiki/faq#wiki_a._please_use_the_available_.28spoiler_tags.29_in_your_thread_title.).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/asoiaf) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"&gt;musical accomplishments  were her posthumous collaboration with her father on the song ""Unforgettable.""

Should we really be remembering her worst accomplishment?

This is a time for respect."
"If you want more zing than a jalapeño you can try Serrano peppers. "
"no problems, its so cheap anyway (also comes in black) and you can just return it if its not right :)"
"This is awesome! Can we please see the hair?

BTW, amazing eye color you have dude."
"&gt;If you are talking about Muv-Luv Alternative Total Eclipse I thought it was hot gargbage don't worry about it lol.

Yeah, that'd be the one I saw.  I don't know the visual novels at all.

I'm just catching up with the currently-airing Gundam show, Iron-Blooded Orphans.  That's a show that, IMO, successfully incorporates some politics.  In the episode I just saw, rebellion is brewing among the class of exploited workers who are confined to the slums on an otherwise rich planet.  One faction of Lousy Colonialist Oppressors wants to charge in and start throwing its weight around--but another faction of Lousy Colonialist Oppressors won't let them: faction 2 is trying to ENCOURAGE the workers to revolt, so they can identify ALL the rabblerousers and round them all up at once.  There's just enough trickiness to it to make it believable; the various factions are trying not to show their hands, but they all--the individual characters, and the larger groups--have motivations that make sense.

By contrast, so far in Schwarzesmarken, the bad guys are just bulgy-eyed crazy people who get twitchy by lunchtime if they haven't tortured anybody since breakfast.  Which is a lot of fun in its own way, but lacks some of the nuance of actual politics.

For a bunch of people who are, at any time, not more than minutes away from possibly being eaten by REALLY ugly-looking aliens, all the characters manage to spend a lot of time worrying about other things.  It has that in common with Total Eclipse--though I guess part of the point might be that even people about to be eaten will find time to jockey for personal advantage and stab their neighbors in the back...  

All things considered, I think my favorite thing about the show so far is the title screen, with the ""666"" in gothic script and a big flaming skull behind it, just because it is SO METAL.    :)

"
.33333333333333333333333333 pounder!
"pay2get, 500 robux for engine if i'm not mistaken "
"Certainly Christians shouldn't be drunk or advocate drinking as an end unto itself. I will never understand the idea of drinking recreationally, like women who can't wait to go home and open a bottle of wine.

However, a little alcohol (I'm not talking hard liquor) is fine and endorsed by scripture. Jesus drank wine, unless you still hold to prohibition-era fallacies that it was just juice. Paul advocated for a little wine medicinally. And 1Corinthians suggests that the early Christians did drink wine at communion. Paul even says that some get none while others are drunk. You don't get drunk on juice. 

I drink a little but only socially. I'll have a drink with a meal, but that's it. Christians shouldn't be in bondage to alcohol but beyond that it's more an issue of personal stumbling blocks. 

Proverbs even says that those without God should drink to forget their misery. We who have Christ need not turn to alcohol for respite, but neither need we to condemn it as a great evil in itself."
I believe its Old.Eleven not Old.Chicken.
[removed]
"Have not tested goblin dank dweller yet. How was he? Kalitas is amazing and hissing is ok not amazing "
**sigh** We don't make modern cities as beautifull like we used to.
"Indeed, until i have two slots available i usually tend to remove these type of quirks.

Sure, your roster can cope with some extra waits, but having two guys only wanting to pray while the caretaker takes up that slot is a very long wait. 

When that happens i feel its a good idea to send at least one of the will-only-use dudes to the sanitorium so you can heal both next week. "
"The best in theory plan would be to reduce his income to zero from his job and take out his entire wage via company dividends, I think?"
"Advertising. Everyone knows turbo tax and therefore they get more customers regardless of price. So if they charge 30% more and lose 20% of their potential  customers they end up ahead. I always use the cheapest, but if you know nothing, turbo tax makes it slightly more personal and easy. "
43ja6p
[removed]
It's another one of those youtube dramas that will blow over in about a week when nobody will give a shit anymore. Things are moving so fast it isn't even worth getting involved (unless you got your own channel of course).
"""Dude, Matt straight up sucks"""
http://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Poliwag_(Pok%C3%A9mon)
Late for us here ;)
